FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: “Nobody wants to work anymore” coming from a retired Boomer could trigger my fight or flight like an activation phrase for a sleeper agent.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Applying for jobs is humiliation ritual at this point
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Me after getting ghosted by 2000 companies:  “You guys are getting rejection emails?”
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: "Don't apply on indeed." Okay but when I go to the Canadian Job Board and click a job to apply for, it gives me a button to take me to their indeed post. It's like a terrible groundhog day cycle, you'll never escape it.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: “Gen Z is the least resilient generation.” Did this presumably millennial man forget they said the same thing about millennials a decade ago?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Ai rejecting my ai written resume is meta asf
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: My friend got ghosted after completing her I-9. Literally hired but never given a start date.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I know that everyone is saying it will be fine and we can fix this, but it is TERRIFYING when you have nowhere to go and no family to rely on. If I don't find a second job on top of my job and my gigs, I'll be homeless. And honestly, I have it easier than other people in those regards, too. This is terrifying. People will die.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: “Do you have any experience working as ___” No, but i have experience doing this very similar thing at previous jobs “we cant hire you because you dont have enough experience”  AND ITS EVERY. SINGLE. JOB.  “you dont have enough experience working retail”  HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GAIN EXPERIENCE WORKING IN RETAIL IF NOBODY WILL HIRE ME BECAUSE I DONT HAVE ENOUGH EXPERIENCE WORKING RETAIL?  LIKE WHAT😭
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I applied to a job in March 2020 and finally heard back in July 2021 lmao
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: you missed the big one. The cost of housing is completely out of control. It isn't even close to reality anymore how expensive a house costs and the people putting shit on the market are in denial, keeping their listings up for months instead of dropping the price.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Gen X here, when we started working they called us unprofessional and lazy, when millennials started working they called them unprofessional and lazy, now it’s Gen Z‘s turn to be called that. It’s tiresome. 🤨
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: My 19 year old son has applied for hundreds of jobs over the past year. He was unable to find employment until this week. When he interviewed, the McDonalds (yep) manager said she has no clue wby he hadnt been hired yet, since McDs alone interviewed him a couple times before.  The job market for kids with no job history is insane. Not only that, the jobs theyre getting wont even be able to pay rent, much less other bills and life.  Im really worried about the future of our kids folks.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yup people are like maybe it’s you, when I said I have applied to over 1,000 jobs and never heard back or got like 5 rejections. Like people would say I applied wrong maybe or that I should redo my resume. Like it’s always it’s a YOU issue and not it’s a job market issue.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: it's like a dead MMO where only ones left are veterans & they're not welcoming to newcomers
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: "have a great day!" "...great day." "great day!" "great day?" "great day!!" i am now having a very not great day.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: we're not heading to a recession; WE ARE CURRENTLY IN ONE!! WERE IN IT!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: It’s not that Gen Z doesn’t want to work, it’s that Gen Z doesn’t want to slave away for literally nothing. Boomers used to throw away every little bit of dignity they had, but at least it was worth it for them. They knew they’d get a promotion, can afford a nice home, go on a vacation and sustain a family just by one person in the household having a decent job.  It all seems so pointless, why put in any effort if you know it won’t amount to anything of value?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Great video. People in their 30s and 40s are struggling to find a job too, with some applying for entry level work making it even harder for gen Z to find a job. Makes me wonder if all the mid level stuff has been cut and now they just have entry level people do everything with no upward opportunities.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The one at 8:56 broke my heart a little bit, it looks like she dressed up and everything even though it was a phone interview so she made an extra effort and then to be met by a machine, “hi-…” poor kid 😢
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: There are literally newspapers from like 100 years ago saying that. It’s so ridiculous. The truth is no one wants to hire or no one wants to train or no one wants to pay fairly.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @thedreammweaver6274  of course there are. The generation before the boomers were lazy and all the generations after the boomers are lazy. They’re the only ones who work /j
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​​ @thedreammweaver6274 and thats mainly boomer/gen x fault! They dont take accountability for it too. They literally put robots OVER US AND LET ROBOTS TAKE OUR JOBS
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Retired boomers having ANY opinion about jobs rn make me feral
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @tallsockclown  my parents are constantly going “Look at Indeed! There are so many jobs out there!!” Like bro 😟🔫
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I usually do not let things like that online get to me but this phrase in particular BOILS MY BLOOD bc we’re literally WORKING OUR ASSES OFF AND WE GET NOTHING IN RETURN
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I quit my job after being told I was getting a raise then it was retracted. They pushed all of the best people out to make it a ghost town of what it was. They don’t listen to any criticism, management are all passive aggressive and love to brag. When I quit they were in disbelief, even though they were told it would happen. This is the shit we all have to put up with and I’m a bartender. So I can’t imagine doing 4 years at University and dealing with this stuff 🤬
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I asked my boomer parents to look for a part time job (but not interview if they get called) just to see how hard it is, and tell me how it goes.   They’ve been quiet.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​​ @MilkByCow  I've gotta try this with my parents!!! But for a full time job. THIS!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: In my country, they got multiple thousands of dollars in the early 00s to buy a house. Just because. From the government. Now, if you want to study and don't have money, you'll have to basically strip naked to get a few hundred euros a month that can barely cover your rent. And then the boomers complain that the young people are costing way too much with their laziness. Like... Huh?????
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Here’s the thing about boomers—half of them REFUSE to even retire in the first place!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @FatHedgie  i feel like boomers were the first ones to come up with ageism in the workplace for this exact reason. Wisdom or no, they are occupying young people's positions
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @FatHedgie Because (in the US at least) they got shafted too. They hold onto their jobs for dear life well past retirement because the SSA and even 401k and Medicare systems they've been convinced to buy into for their entire life were never all that they've been cracked up to be, and they're starting to realize that in order to survive with little functioning social support, they need to keep working. Of course that makes it harder for entry level folks to find work and receive appropriate training as a spillover effect. But try and resist the temptation to engage in generational blame (at most, only collective for not having the political will to push for a better system for everyone) and focus instead on efforts to make the system better not fixating on past failures.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Most of what boomers say to me triggers my fight or flight
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I hear so many people say this.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: or worse. a boomer who refuses to retire and is taking up space due to tenure so they cant be fired :))
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: They complain about the children they didnt raise or prepare for the world, they also didnt pay attention to the world or country or anything and just had an easy care free life. "why dont boomers love their kids?" is a better question. Like we didnt decide to be born that was on you guys "wanting" families.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Omg my mom says this shit all the time even though she isn’t even 40 yet 😭 HELPPPPP pls 😔 When I was on a job hunt for months, applying non-stop for work she would say that over and over and over. Legit drove me nuts.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: “your generation just doesn’t want to work anymore” coming from my coworker while I’m at work actually covering a shift from the same middle aged person that keeps calling out.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Unironically the line "nobody wants to work anymore" has been said since the time of king's and queens, people just want serfs again and thats how they say it lol
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Pisses me off because I’ve tried so fucking hard.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I don’t think anybody ever wanted to work. The difference is being willing to work and I think everyone is willing to work because we need money to live or else.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I hope it activates your fight response if you know what i mean
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: fkn this! they literally destroyed the economy then blame younger generations for its destruction
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I was in a waiting room in a clinic when I heard that. She was complaining about the nurses, when I knew they were understaffed. Nobody wants to do the job of 3 people for 1990 pay, more like.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I had one who’s parents are millionaires and who’s husband makes 22 million a year tell me I’m lazy for leaving on my scheduled time😂
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: OK BOOMER still works wonders, just use that.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Retired boomers have no place speaking on the shit we deal with as genz and millenials.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Just mention social security is socialism
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: i have a screenshot of multiple newspaper starting from the 19th or early 20th century about how no one wants to work anymore. meanwhile in some areas during medieval europe people worked only 150 days a year
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yeah lol there’s not much left to work for anyways.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: That boomer rhetoric will have you in the ward for sure. Especially if you grew up with it.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a Gen x or what the kids call Boomer.  The Gen X who say that are only aware of the stereotypes that social media puts out there. I respect y’all for not having blind loyalty to work over life balance.  My generation and the original boomers would work ourselves into oblivion neglecting our health and family.   Also there are plenty us 40 plus with the experience that are laid off with 20 plus years of experience, stuck in the same cycle figuring out how we are going to take care of our families, and you’re completely done if you’re laid off over 60.  If you’re young like I said in my other comment, the military is a viable option.  It’s my only regret not at least exploring that route when I couldn’t land a job out of college 25 years ago.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: That quote starts to make me foam at the mouth because it’s so entitled and ignorant.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: If someone said that to my face my response would be that I actually work 3 jobs and I am a single young adult who is self-sufficient and keeps a roof over her heard and food in her belly, then I would knock them out
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: You all, are not deserving of the wisdom I wish to bestow upon thee. Where the wisdom I must share, must break your world view. Therefore I banish it to the back of my mind. It is up to you to see what you say and how you can look saying it.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: lmao I’m a gm of a U-Haul at 26 years old my manager was 56 retired when I took over and literally I hire 4 people that work 3 days and quit all they have to do is sit at a computer and answer the phone every now n then no one wants to work period 😂
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Either that or they judge you for working two jobs lmao, so out of touch.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Many entry level positions have been lost to AI or automation as well.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Don't let it get under your skin. You can dismiss their comments automatically as delusional.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: They could pay for their entire 2 semesters of college tuition with a summer job and they have the audacity to call gen z lazy 😂they literally live in a fantasy world where they’re so used to live benefiting from imperial super profits and got set up for life back when the economy was still good that they can’t even comprehend the world that gen z is living in cause they live in their pampered boomer world where they haven’t had to do a day of hard work in the better part of half a century
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yep, and that same boomer that now has to go back to work💀
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: People fr don’t want to train like no job is really that hard to do any job can be taught unless you’re a doctor or scientist or something like that
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Why would you work if nothing comes of it? They can’t afford a car, buying a home or building a family because those same corporations don’t want to pay and the economy is trash. Why would they want to work for nothing ? This generation is disenchanted.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: We have a saying in my country "the prize for working hard is more work" no wonder people stopped giving a shit
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: There was a point in life i used to bust my ass, doing double my work quotas. Know what i got on all my reviews? “Meets expectations”  It really fucks with your ability to keep giving a shit.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Honestly this just boils down to the economy situation. I'm willing to believe that if working a standard 9-5 could support someone getting a house and family, there would be significantly less complaining.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Me and my friends: "I've applied to 50 jobs this month and have heard nothing. I'm so stressed that I'm barely holding myself together and I've cried myself to sleep every night."  Older People: "Stop being lazy!"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Older generations talk as though Gen Zers are rejecting a perfectly good system that serves their interests. In truth, they're seeing a system designed such that work makes you broke instead of giving you a better life and seeing there's nothing to be gained from participating in it and making the first steps to answering "If not that, then what?"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: A teacher of mine once said in class “ the old ways will die when the old people die “
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: In China there is a movement called “let it rot” where young people also don’t see any point in working hard, it will never be enough and there is no reward other than more work
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The fact my parents said I could go to a large university when I had no idea what I wanted to do, expecting me to figure it out, and now working a job I could have gotten with a community college degree, and now 100k in debt, is wild.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: My job is purely transactional. I clock in, they tell me what they want me to do, I do the task, and then they cut a check for my labor. I’m not striving to go above and beyond.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Corpos: "Millenials are lazy!" Millenials: "You won't promote us." Corpos: "GenZ is lazy!" GenZ: "You don't pay us."
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Time is something you can never get back, but companies think you owe them 40-60 hours a week to never see your loved ones and to still not be able to afford a house to live in.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: i'm gen z, i graduated with a bachelor's degree 2 years ago and i can't even get a job at a grocery store
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Being told unironically that desiring the lifestyle my parents had when they were raising baby me is an unrealistic expectation by that same generation is absolutely wild to me.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a gen z, I don't WANT to work.   I WILL work. I'll come in on time, I'll do my tasks, I'll be friendly to annoying customers and coworkers, I might even go above and beyond sometimes. I'm just tired of pretending I like it. I don't need to be passionate about my job and the company to do a good job. I can just do the work.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: 1998 here! I gave my company my all when I went through training. I worked as hard as I could. I volunteered to help, was excited to learn new things, and I was as engaged as possible. I was SO excited.  5 years later and now I do bare minimum. All of my hard work came with pats on the back but no pay increase, it’s SO HARD to get a promotion, and when you bring up issues it’s swept under the rug. Corporate America is a joke and it treats me and my work like I’m a joke. So I’m just returning the energy!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'm Gen Z, 24 years old and I still live with my parents. I've told them I want to save up enough money to buy my house because I don't want to rent a place only to move out 5 years later. They told me they had no issue with that, but I can't imagine the ammount of people my age who can't have that reassurance and support. Companies should really look out for their workers way more than they do.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'm gen X,1979. My kids are gen Z. Our kids aren't the problem. Genz know it's all BS at 18. I didn't understand until I was 40 with 4 kids.  My kids don't even want kids because they see me work all the time.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I saw my father go to into his office day in and day out for years. 1 hour commute one way, one hour back, maybe longer if traffic was particularly bad. He made a good living, but absolutely despised his job, despised his office, and absolutely despised his commute. He was depressed, miserable, and hated his own life, so that he could provide for me, my mother, and my brother.   He had a lot of goals and dreams, things he wanted to do after he finally retired, specially since he had saved up so much.  He died in a vehicle accident at 48 years old.  I have nothing but respect and appreciation for him providing for us, but I will never make those same decisions for my own life.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Currently learning the fine art of not picking up my coworkers slack and not feeling bad when shit gets bad
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: THIS. We teach them about sharing, justice and fairness and the American dream then pull the rug out as soon as they become adults and say every man for himself. HUH?! I don't blame them for feeling the whole thing is BS.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @AmandaHayes The American dream is just that now, a dream😂
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @AmandaHayes i’ve never even thought about it like this but you’re absolutely correct and now i feel even more jaded lmao
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @AmandaHayes it was the same for Gen X — and even Millennials — as well.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Kiuraish What are you going on about? This video isn't about people like you with their already-established careers and homes that they were able to buy when the economy was still decent. It's about a young generation who has no hope for any of that, EVEN IF they "work hard and persevere". Plenty of them are in fact doing that and will never see the same fruits of their labor that you've been PRIVILEGED enough to enjoy. You're not any better than anyone else. You just had an opportunity to go to law school and buy a house at the right time. Gen Z is disenfranchised and disillusioned, and for very good reason. Clearly the point of this entire video went way over your head. Very disappointing to see a fellow millennial out here sounding like a boomer.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @triciatyner2555 LMAO me thinking it was a boomer that wrote the comment  😂😂😂
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @triciatyner2555 we bought our house last year. Wouldn't say that was when the economy was decent. Sorry I don't have time rn to address all the other assumptions. But please don't let videos like these make you disillusioned about the world. They're just YouTube videos. That's all.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Kiuraish  What would your parents think about this ? How about your wife ? Would you accept that your future children does the same ?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @Reddfrogg  what's the alternative? Go to college and pay off that debt for your remaining days?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Thank you! It’s very confusing because the America I was taught about is not the America that exists right now.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Kiuraish  I meant husband, my apologies, English is not my first language. I guess you are better than me on that front too. That and everything else ;).
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: when what i earn after hours of work dont cover my rent, i rather not work and be homeless lol
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @yygg9786 ever been homeless? Better think twice
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: We ought to start a movement that’ll get the CIAs attention
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I' not a Gen Z (on the very limit inbetween Millenial and Gen Z) but I've only managed to buy a car because I'm still living with my parents. As for buying my own house, that will never happen because prices are ridiculous. Even  our own people are starting to live in the neighbour countries because they cannot afford to live here!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Forget having a house, we wont have a planet by the time were in our mid thirties, the fck are we supposed to work toward?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Because food...shelter...water... electric
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: By the time we can afford a home the only thing left will be new construction so shoddy we have to pay for it twice to get one functioning home
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I wanted to be a teacher, but didn’t have the gpa, the money, and I’m afraid of debt, I want to be an author but I spend so much of my energy working, and doing daily things (I’m autistic and adhd btw) that by the time the weekend comes it’s all I can do to take care of myself and my cats. I wanted desperately to be independent because I got tired of getting told I was lazy, and just ‘didn’t want to work’ when people talk about folks on disability who can’t afford to live without it but aren’t allowed to save money, invest in anything and I’m not even allowed to move in with my partner without losing my disability and potentially putting him in a situation where he would have to support me. There’s no winning. You go to work, you smile and do all of the things people tell you to do and then you’re miserable because you have no time for your aspirations.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @Symbolic-Sky sorry to say this but I think. Someone overdiagnosed you as autistic, ADHD I can somehow accept but dont use diagnosis of autism Just so lightly. If you are able to write so well you are not autistic to the degree which affects daily life.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I have been working for almost 20 years. Inflation makes it all seem like a waste. I really don't care anymore.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a Gen X’er, I sympathise. Truthfully, though, I should empathise. As a member of the directionless, anti-authoritarian, mess of a group of unorthodox entrepreneurs, I can say we also were disenchanted — broke and feeling deliberately deceived, with no map or plan for a future. Stability? Oh, forget about it. We were raging against the machine that Gen Z is now simply ignoring into obsolescence. Rather than be indifferent to one another, we need to join forces and find the best path forward. And, to be clear, I do NOT know what that is. But we could hopefully find it together.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Kiuraish  Yet again, what are you trying to achieve with that behavior ? Feel better about yourself ? Feeling superior ? Having a sense of accomplishment ? What is the purpose of all this flexing theatre ? What do you think will be the consequences of that display of success, to yourself, to others ? How a smart and elite class lawyer finds value in belittlement ? What does it say about its ability to have genuine empathy towards a client ?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: in this system, they dont let u get rich
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Adults said the same things about GenX. We were "slackers".
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I agree and on top of that many of the requirements and experience are much higher than what our parents experienced making it harder to achieve the same life they had. This is not only because businesses and schools now have a global amount of candidates to choose from but also because requirements are moving ahead which on one hand is good but on the other hand is bad especially for those who in practice would be amazing given the chance but may be bad test takers. For example most Physical therapists in my area who practice are great however only have a masters in physical therapy however now a days to practice you must have a doctorate and the acceptance rate to PT school is even lower than law school or med school the only one lower is dental school… so not very fair to people hoping to get into that kind of work in this age. Also this applies even to just general college admissions.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I’m a Gen Z Farm boy (now a man) And thank goodness my family made good investments in the 1930s to have a farm I will soon be the owner  I’m currently age 20  The farm doesn’t make a lot of money  And so do I, but still half of what I make goes to the farm . The farm Animals get fed before I eat And I plan to build my dream for home Though currently right now, I have no woman in my life. I still want to  Wait for the right woman who’s gonna die with me And hope that when I raise my kids I’m gonna keep them far away from technology  Because I lives most of my life with a screen stuck in my face… It’s a good thing that my dad  had brought me back to reality several times that life is tough and it’s not forever
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Exactly, and notably; many products considered luxurious in the 2000s have totally become more affordable, while our needs have become prohibitively expensive.   The world we're in is primed for depressive conditions of not realistically owning our needs like a home and reliable car, and mood boosting hobbies and sources of enjoyment needed to continue holding back tears at work being dangled in front of us.   And I can confirm; being frugal and refusing to have hobbies...doesn't free up enough income to afford a down payment on a house at all if your body happens to give out from working by 23...
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I really like gen Z, they are rebellious and smart. I am sure they will find a way to survive and flourish.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The economy is actually ridiculously good. Not for a regular citizen though :))
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: It can literally cost you to work with how low these wages are given gas to get there, food, clothing, and everything else. I'm just not doing that shit and I'm lucky that I'm in a good enough spot to not work at all until the wages raise a bit.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @rpblackout743  If you are in a lower wage then your life will  be subsized by the higher earners. Your higher earners are leaving the  UK in increasing numbers to find lower taxes and safety, (specially if a person is Jewish and has a family). The  UK faces higher taxesm with less money to pay them.  I would think  that those who own property are greedy, and you have open borders, offering a free live to anyone who can get to the UK. Your crime bill is 10% GDP  and growing, and so bigger prisons needed as you try to catch up with Sweden. Once corruption takes hold, the even the USA starts to see you as a threat/liabilty. Its a shame that working can make a person poorer, which needs fixing, but in the UK at the moment, all a person needs for themselves and family is free at the moment.  UK in general has a poor work ethic, and tis gets worse over time.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Hit the nail on the head. I'm older gen Z and I've been in the working world for almost a decade now but like. One thing happens to my car and I have to pay, I cannot financially recover it from it. I ask for a raise after working my ass off and I'm hit with: "sorry but according to company policy.." Or "sure! We'll give you a 2 percent raise. At your NEXT performance review. :)"   Why would I even want to give 100 to a company I'm working for if my employer won't even meet me half way?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: so true. cant agree more. lile i have no motivation what so eveerrrr
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: They can always buy more consumer products!!! Spend spend spend!!! NOT!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: And they should be the world is a mess! we need to create something new
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Have you tried entering the country illegally?  🤔🧐
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: So they don't have to live under a bridge.😅😅😅😅😅
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This. Thank God I was blessed with strict parents who didn't play around with credit or debt. Which stayed with me later in life but the way schools and society "sets" us younger generations for the real world is a waste of our taxes 😮‍💨
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: To top it off most of us will probably work a shitty job that's impossible to enjoy.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @SyzyfusOryginal  In other words, you have grown up with a distorted veiw of reality, perpetuated by social media no doubt.  Its very possible a war is coming your way which means survival is the new priority.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: You get even less out of doing nothing, just saying
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Getting paid the bare minimum plus being forced to work the maximum number of hours per week seems like a norm😅
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Kiuraish  You're talking to an engineer bub, one who's value is based on the number of rocket parts I've made. One who's a first generation college student who's worked 50+ hours a week since he graduated high school to get to where he is. You would be hard pressed to find anyone smarter and harder working than me.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ⁠ @introspectivevelociraptor8274 I like how you claim she’s a lawyer with an ego complex only to stroke your own ego like there’s no tomorrow. I doubt you’re as smart as you think even if you are a hard worker. Otherwise you wouldn’t come across as a 14 year old in these comments
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Kiuraish  go put innocent people in prison or whatever your job is 😭😭
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Kiuraish congratulations ur rich 🙄🙄🙄
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: You can thank government intervention for that one
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Sources Used:  https://www.nar.realtor/newsroom/first-time-home-buyer-share-falls-to-historic-low-of-21-median-age-rises-to-40  https://www.pewresearch.org/short-reads/2018/08/07/for-most-us-workers-real-wages-have-barely-budged-for-decades/  https://www.epi.org/productivity-pay-gap/  https://apps.bea.gov/iTable/?reqid=19&step=3&isuri=1&1921=survey&1903=239  https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/06/job-cuts-in-october-hit-highest-level-for-the-month-in-22-years-challenger-says.html  https://www.stlouisfed.org/on-the-economy/2025/aug/recent-college-grads-bear-brunt-labor-market-shifts  https://www.stlouisfed.org/open-vault/2025/aug/jobs-degrees-underemployed-college-graduates-have  https://nlihc.org/oor/about  https://www.upjohn.org/research-highlights/does-increasing-minimum-wage-lead-higher-prices  https://finance.yahoo.com/news/college-students-realistic-starting-salary-203912312.html  https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/ASPUS  https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/MEHOINUSA672N  https://jpia.princeton.edu/news/rise-institutional-investors-us-rental-housing-market  https://www.epi.org/publication/rtwa-2025-impact-fact-sheet/  https://www.opensecrets.org/elections-overview/reelection-rates  https://www.npr.org/2024/11/05/nx-s1-5175799/the-influence-of-super-pacs-and-dark-money-on-this-years-campaigns  https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/06/18/upshot/cities-across-america-question-single-family-zoning.html
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Born too early to go to space, born too late to buy a home, born just in time to finance a fucking burrito
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Anyone remember when homes were $250k then couple years later it goes to $800k out of nowhere
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Single family homes should be owned and lived in by the people who bought them. Get these corporations out of here
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I recently turned 13 years old and it is insane how much me and my classmates talk about our future. In elementary schools near me they started limiting children’s expectations, my younger sister came home and told me she couldn’t be an astronaut because it wasn’t realistic. The sad part is, their right, I most likely will end up in constant debt when I grow up and I don’t know what to do about it
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: the geriatric nursing home we call the U.S government
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The Minecraft survival mode in the background symbolizes how we are living in survival mode
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: We basically live inside Cyberpunk 2077, but without the amazing tech to numb the pain.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I just turned 14, and honestly, it feels like the world is setting my whole generation up to struggle before we even get started. Every time I look around, the economy feels like this massive storm we’re expected to walk straight into. Prices keep going up, wages barely move, and it’s like everything you need to live is slowly drifting out of reach.  People always tell us to think about our future, but how are we supposed to picture anything good when buying a house already seems impossible? Even adults with full-time jobs can’t afford basic stuff without drowning in debt. So what chance do me and my friends have by the time we’re old enough to be on our own?  Sometimes it feels like the idea of owning property, building a life, or even just staying financially stable is turning into a fantasy. And the scariest part is that we’re expected to “work hard” and magically make it happen, even though the entire system feels rigged against us.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: as I say "boss makes a dollar, I make a dime, thats why I shit on company time"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Honestly even though Corporate blames AI, it's just the Higher-Ups making an employee do more at lesser after firing the rest, so that they make more profit, John McCarthy, the father of AI, said AI was made to reduce work days/hours, not to reduce the number of people that work, which speaks volumes of what is happening.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I applied for a pizza chef job that required 2 years of pizza experience. They auto denied me because I've never cooked a pizza in a restaurant. I have 5 years line cook experience and cook all the time lmao.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Nailed it with this video, I am so frustrated, angry, and burned out, and I'm only 23. I have spent well over the past year looking for a job but have nothing to show for it, I've only ever even been able to apply to ONE because every other opportunity that I could have potentially gotten into required experience for ENTRY level and would have auto denied me. Now part of my issue is where I live, I'm in one of the worst states to work in and live in a pretty rural area, so I am at a huge disadvantage there, but still, the fact there has only been one job that I could apply to where I wouldn't have been auto denied or ran around in circles then denied is absolutely insane. I am also angry because I made the decision not to go to college with incomplete and inaccurate information about the impact that would have on my life, and now that decision has possibly screwed me for the rest of my life. I had been told that if I just work hard and go through entry level jobs and worked my way up the corporate ladder, that I would be fine, even without a college degree, which that turned out to be the biggest lie I've ever been told in my life, and that is saying something considering a lot of the understanding I had about how the world worked was just completely false, and I have only learned that in the past 3-4 years because of the reality check I have been getting from trying to find a job. I have tried talking to my boomer mother about this, but she is so disconnected from how things work now that I can't even have a productive conversation with her because every suggestion she makes is something I have either already tried or is so outdated I would get laughed out of any place I tried to apply too. I just want a decent paying job where I can live relatively comfortably and not be scared that if I have some sort of emergency, medical or otherwise, I could be on the street the next month, I don't feel like that is to much to ask for. I'm not asking to be handed everything or given everything, I'm not asking to be given special treatment, I'm not asking for it to be easy, I am more then willing to work hard to get to that point, but I don't even have the opportunity to try and work towards that point, I feel like I am trying to push a boulder up a cliff while I have another boulder strapped to my back and 5 people pulling against me as I try to push.   "I'm tired boss"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: when the only thing you start thinking about is "how can i profit from this?", that is when morality ceases to exist for you.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a Gen z law student hoping to run for office someday, I'll say he's right. We're pissed, we're tired, and we're going to turn this system upside down. Don't let propaganda and the media cycle make you forget what you're actually mad about.  Edit: I find it funny how many people have replied with comments about policy, and when I reply they say nothing back. I love debating (civilly)! If you wanna challenge my views, please do! But don't bother if you're looking for a gotcha moment rather than a discussion, because I'll keep responding as long as I get notifications ;)
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: If people used to buy houses at 20 in 2005, but at 40 in 2025, that means the SAME GENERATION is still buying those houses... 20 years later
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Then corporations blame everyone expect themselves.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Gotta love America. You can either vote for zero progress, or negative progress.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a Millennial, I'm glad y'all are figuring out how messed up this system is faster than any of my peers did. There is hope yet, and it's with the newer generations. Y'all were handed a shit-covered spoon and were told it was chocolate, and y'all ain't buying into it. Godspeed.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I got rejected from an interview because I had no relevant experience. [there was training on the job and it was basically no skills required, essentially read and pick. FOR 11 DOLLARS AN HOUR WHAT THE HELLY]
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Holy shit, you actually shared your sources.  That’s incredible, it’s so hard to find good information nowadays with ai and corruption spreading rampant, and ads round every corner and you are doing a great service by sharing your sources It’s not only helpful to people like me who might just be interested in reading/ or learning to talk about these issues, but also student at every level.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: 13:51 "Do you think a CEO works harder than the average person?" NO!!! They DON'T work harder than us. CEO's have it SO much easier than us.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​@ThunderTheBlackShadowKitty It's also arguably harder to build something from the ground up, that being said, there *is* a legitimate issue with ceo's and corporate overlords firing people because they made ever so slightly less than expected, to not have to pay them.   My recommendation is to build, and create something yourself, and then you can determine what you want to do with that.   I think the corporate overlords he's talking about mainly are also known bad companies that value profits over lives, not the numerous other CEO's and owners that keep their prices low and hire more because it's more about people than peofits.   Again, make your own company, and you can choose to pay them however.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​@ThunderTheBlackShadowKittysome do, but not all.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @ThunderTheBlackShadowKitty golden parachute
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: as a gen z I dislike how i was lied too and why isn't crime higher?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'm in kid, you are not on your own there are an army of gen x'ers who watched this shit show growing, but honestly believed it would get better, after all we witnessed the poverty and hell of the 70's and 80's go away... What we didn't realize was that we had sold or souls to wayland-yutani as host for the xenomorph of corporatism. The only solution is war against the corporations.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The fact he has sources!! The news can't even do this.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The answer to everything is to move out of the United States to a socialist country with a healthcare system, affordable housing, and actual benefits in return for your labor and tax contributions. This is the soul-sucking nature of life under a collapsing empire. America is a genocidal banana republic with nukes. It's not worth even trying to live here anymore. When the government starts noticing massive brain drain and a shrinking tax base, they'll rethink their policies - but not a day before. PS. I'm late Gen X and we were told all the same lies, and called all the same names. The Baby Boomers stole the future of every generation born after them. Either we need an actual revolution or we need to en mass GTFO.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Minimum wage is a racist 19th century policy designed to price minorities out of the workplace. Supporting minimum wage increases is an act of white supremacy.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: thanks for sharing the sources... litiley XD
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The following first posted February  28, 2020.  Humans need to stop infighting long enough to topple our oppressors.  Mitch McConnell is Emperor Palpatine.   Some of you will die, but that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make! - Lord Trump  Trump is evil! He ignored this virus until he couldn't ignore it. The steps taken have been deliberately slow to contain this virus, as the government has been deliberately slow to contain this virus, as the government has made huge financial gains in allowing particularly older, retired people to die. No More pay outs each month.  Voting, if still valid, is our  only peaceful, legal recourse. Voting 3rd party is the ONLY WAY to get real humans in power, rather than dynasty families and career politicians. When we realize the 2 parties we are divided over LOVE the division among us. Then and only then may America be great again.   @Justin Y. Lack of knowledge of the Deep State? I just accused our government of mass murder. I understand Deep State. Fact that you refuse to listen, only attack, says too much about you. Clearly you haven't known hardship. Clearly none of this has impacted you negatively.  You are part of the problem,  offering zero solutions.  Calling me stupid really helps your case. Trump has very limited brain power, as evidenced by his rambling, generally repetitive,  Toddler Talks. Although most of us are solely undereducated, Trump really amazes me every time I listen to his banter.  Trump did not close the borders in time. Many flights brought sick folk here. Action wasn't taken until very late February and by then 15 confirmed cases were more than enough to allow airborne, lethal virus upon the world. This is dangerous because common behaviors,  such as shoulder to shoulder events, shopping and working conditions helped this virus along, even as people died in China daily, America went forward 2 full months without any concerns. Then, rather than force the hands of State Officials and put the population through a 2 month quarantine, we've been seeing States react, rather than prepare, all at the natural stages this virus thrives upon, complacency among enough of us to allow the spread to continue. You refusing to see this logic isn't a blight on my mental capacity, just proves you are as simple as our Lord Trump. Likely among those very few, who like many elites, don't care about the plight of the masses, whom I speak for, in this contrived crisis. Trump is calm about the virus because he exists outside the bounds of common folk. Trump and other powerful people would never have to take the risk of infection seriously as they are all well protected by expendable servants or can afford to continue living lavishly distanced from peons such as myself. 9/11 was an inside job and this proves what I've feared since, that the government can perform mass murder and the people will always accept it, hire the next sociopath in line, whichever of the 2 evil divisional parties they aspire to dwell in.   Our educational system is archaic. We could be educating everyone from home.  There are no valid excuses for our current broken schooling, no teachers need lose jobs as the internet is an amazing communication device.  Taxes are broken. Your dollar earned gets hit so many times yet we all accept that blindly.  Medicine is broken. My grandmother died because her selfish daughter needed cable TV more than grandma needed diabetes medicine. Millions suffer inability to afford insulin, despite initially starting out as a gift to humanity from a generous genius, privatized by Evil and Greed, priced beyond reality for most.  Our 2 party system is designed to keep us bickering. Division keeps us docile enough to accept our own government conspiring to murder us.  3rd party candidates are generally real humans, that care about other humans, even, gasp, total strangers and foreigners.  We are all on the same spaceship, Earth. I judge character, not race, not whatever religion folks are born into.   I am old...I am tired of seeing disasters get slow attention from government as poor people die due to delayed or nonexistent help.  It's about time the many take control, with votes, to dethrone the sociopaths that control us, play games with our very lives.   When there are only voluntarily homeless, when the janitor is paid living wage, when a high school graduate can earn enough in food service or retail to support a modest home and essentials while creating a nest egg...when Veterans are are given the same care as congress,  senate or other positions of power, rather than left to suffer and die, when the lowest paying jobs are enough to survive on, then and only then can Ameroca boast of being great.  As it stands, I feel most of us are born into lies we have no control over. It's well orchestrated, as my points are made clear in every satirical broadcast about the plight of the masses, world wide.  Do I want peace, equity and kumbaya? Yeah, I do. Are sociopaths in power oppressing the plebeians? Yeah, they are. Have good Democrats and Republicans existed? Yes...they get blocked by evil at every turn, often resigning due to unbeatable corruption. Do I pity the very people I label simple? You bet I do. I want this planet to be a better place for most, not some...for all, if ever possible.  This covid virus isn't done. It mutates too fast to pin down with a vaccine. We haven't seen the end of covid because we, as a planet, would have to agree on a few ground rules to consider being a functional society.  Most of us just exist and watch, lazily, rather than get directly involved in change. We don't seem to take note that we, the expendable masses, are being ordered to push through life ignoring this virus. It took ONE infection to start a Planet Wide Pandemic. Because we didn't quarantine from January through February, we get to watch innocent and otherwise lives lost daily.  Who are "we" in "We're inthis together "? Certainly not the elite who step on us to avoid harm. I'm furious with humanity as a whole. I'm furious we accept all this death and Trump's Toddler Talks, akin to a Ted Talk without useful insight.   Those of us suffering are many, while the privileged watch the show they created.   When...when will the common folk unite against tyranny, through the only peaceful means we have? Vote out career politicians and dynasty families in favor of real humans beings, with consciousness and compassion for the lowest among us? We won't stop the cycle of abuse by trading Democrats and Republicans, 2 sides of the same evil, corrupt coin. Let that coin land on edge...vote 3rd party, vote for real people with flaws, that understand what struggle is, that have put time behind any of these so-called essential, yet minimum wage jobs...  This economy is screwed...always has been. Vast majority of work available is menial labor, food service, retail, janitors, grocers. A great many take their wages in government,  which is far too big, complex and unsustainable.   Until any job can offer a modest, secure household, until the only homeless are those that volunteer to live "free", until the pill giants are mandated  to make life saving medicine reasonably priced,  we are a selfish, horrid nation, divided by the very people that oppress us, yet too busy fighting amongst ourselves to take any useful action towards a better tomorrow, for the  MANY, not the FEW!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I don't actually know what you mean by "health care is a human right". What do you actually mean? It's a buzzword, but what do you mean? Reason it out in a video maybe.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @mattis8205  that's a whole phrase...electricity ought to be a human right in modern culture too...how about America catch up with civilization? Why do so many people caught up in the Elitist BS go out of their way to glaze those Elitists without compensation?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @mattis8205  All humans should have access to healthcare
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: i dont think you know how the world works. the USA is the western leader, the powerful rich people live there, they use the population as slave labor to support their lifestyles and to pay for the god level military, they then offer other western countries protection in return for them not having to protect themselves, those places then spend that saved money on quality of life. if the usa did what they did we wouldnt be able to afford to protect the other nations, then their quality of life would diminish and the alliance would break apart. this is one of the secrets to how the west stays powerful enough to control the world. the other secret is that the west uses its vast power to basically rob the rest of the world to support its higher standards of living. the solution to all of your problems is to move to a non USA western country.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: And the burrito is $17.99 and then they asked for a 30% tip on a sticky iPad.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Born too early to fight the space wars, born too late to fight the Cave wars, born just in time to fight the world war
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Matiasv-vl2zm just noticed how I messed it up ;-;
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: And give all the money to Israel
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @dunkyking6310 what has Israel got to do with this my man
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: not too early for space there is a lot of time ahead
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @RDragonAnimation  no we're going to be in a civil war.  Those take around 50 years and 30 or so after before anything like putting some chucklefarts on the moon is even considered, which was considered a billioaire dream anyway.  The rockets were built as a passive agressive show of force to prove we could bomb eachother across nations and thus establish dominance.  Do you think people are actually going out to space in our lifetime that make it past the moon when the only thing humans want to do consistently is kill eachother
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Just in time for modern feudalism😎
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: at least you can believe in jesus 🤷
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @lovejesus-g1x Ok cool, when does Jesus fix the housing market? :)
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: My father bought his house in 2016 for 75k and it’s a nice sized four square house. It was cheaper bc it’s in a small town but damn. That really fucked me up I used to think homeownership was within the realm of possibility 😢
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: If this keeps up; we might see a small ass house with $1.5 mil
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @chomperplant2843 its already there in LA I am pretty sure. I dont live there but ive heard its terrible
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​​​​ @chomperplant2843 I live in Utah, and some 3bed 2bath houses are that expensive in my neighborhood. UTAAAHH. It's not like it's next to a huge city, it's just a neighborhood that's close to a Target.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @chomperplant2843 they literally charge well over 5k a month for a maybe 50 sq foot apartment in a big city, around 2.5k to 3k a month for a 1000sq ft apartment/townhome in the suburbs and the wage difference isn’t even that different
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I remember when homes were like 120k and I'm only 20 years old
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @jacksonsherbertgaming4437  buddy I thought my first house in 2012. I was 24 and it was 49k. A cheap crappy starter home but it was livable. The way shit has changed is nutso
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Not out of nowhere, there has been a clear trajectory of inflation for years. Unfortunately, most of us weren't aware because america does a great job of keeping people unaware.  It was especially easy when we were teens and many adults around us chose to "not be political" aka, ignore the problem until they're old and we have to deal with it.  I guarantee you can find information on rising prices, layoffs reaching a high, climate change causing drastic weather, the american dollar losing it's pull from when you were in grade school.   It's been in our faces for years along with the inaction of people in Congress and politics.  Conditioning and indoctrinating the youth usually leads to herd adults who just need to hear a few buzz words to vote against everyone's best interest.   That didn't work that well for most younger people who were taught to think critically so they created things that would think critically for us like *insert "cutting edge" ai chatbot here*. Fortunately many of us were out of grade/high school when these things became the next technological breakthrough.   All of that to say it wasn't a change that happened over night, it's been slow and gradual.   Idgaf though, I'm not bowing to billionaires. I'd rather eat a cactus whole.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: BALME THE COMPANYS AND PEOPLE OWNING SEVERL HOUSES 🏘
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @RetroGigabyte  It is a bunch of things, but it was mostly the shortage in construction and large migration caused by COVID for the recent spike. The long-term trend in increasing prices is mostly due to local land development codes and approval processes, which make building extremely expensive and arduous, and valuable land scarce.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Kryptoisresurected the house buyer average age increasing by 9 years was all in Biden’s term
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Bro just discovered the housing crisis
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The pandemic-era stimulus was very inflationary, and part-financed by Central Banks buying up real estate bonds as part of QE operations.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @anakinjames92 on paper yes ... but there is much we don't actually know
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ⁠ @anakinjames92 And the government might be giving out more stimulus checks soon
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The majority of “landlords” don’t even own the home.. they just work for the mega corp that owns the home and they decide the rent.. and they determine their prices based off a lot of online information that gives them the average income of most people .. so they raise rent accordingly to keep up down
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I know exactly what you mean, and it wasn't just in the US, but in Germany too. My parents purchased a home for $500k back in 2015 and we sold the same house with some interior renovations for $1.7 Mil. We where lucky to reap the benefits of the crazy market because we wanted to move anyway but it's scary to think what people on the receiving end of it must of had to deal with.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Hey guys! I’ve seen a few of you mention that the economic aspect of this conversation was left out of the video, and I want to reinforce that it’s not because it isn’t a huge part of the problem. Like I said in the final thoughts, I have talked about how the system has screwed over Gen Z in many videos already, and I will link them here for you to watch. This was just a conversation expanding on the social and emotional situations Gen Z is dealing with. It's not to discount how shitty of a hand they have been dealt economically haha  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xosRVxzjgA&t=1s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2Rrc3BwZE4&t=195s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dY7KA_OPVo&t=27s
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'm a teacher, and I'm so concerned for this generation. I see students falling into one of two groups. The first has absolutely zero ambition, no goals, and is chronically disassociated from reality, swiping through a screen until the end of time. The other group is driven by achievement and constantly chasing perfection. These are the "resume builders" as I call them, but the constant grind is driving them into depression and anxiety when they can't live up to their own expectations. I have students in 11th grade showing the same signs of chronic burnout that I had at 26 working four part time jobs. Its crazy....
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The idea that Gen Z doesn't want to grow up is kinda absurd to me. I think it's more accurate to say that Gen Z is entirely and utterly jaded by the world we've been born into. The milestones/ teenage life that we see idealized in movies is just not possible anymore. Society hates teenagers now. I remember going to the mall in high school and after like 5 pm you had to be accompanied by an adult or you got kicked out. You want to walk somehwere so you don't have to beg your parents for a ride? It's 5 miles away and there's no sidewalks or trees for shade. We didn't design our neighbourhoods for playing basketball in the streets. Parents are too afraid to let kids out of their sights because everything on the internet is telling us to be afraid. Parents won't let their kids have sleepovers anymore and unfortunately their reasoning is valid. Plus they're tracking you with your phone, so sneaking out is a no go. Every mistake you make has consequences. I actually think that Gen Z feels the pressures of what they're supposed to feel at age 20-30 in middle school and high school but with none of the experience or economic backing. We're asking 12 year olds to test into special high schools just to get a shot at a good career. And it turns out that career isn't going to pay you enough to live anyway, if you get a job at all. I don't think Gen Z has the economic standing to take risks without major consequences. Even if you do everything right, you can barely afford to live. You literally have to be born into a good life.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Millennial here. I want to grow up. I have a Bachelor's and a Master's. I have been applying for jobs for 5 years. The reality is, the industry at large has changed. Getting a job feels impossible. I have a Master's. I got a contract job with Google. They laid me off in the middle of the day one month into my second contract. Since I haven't even gotten a phone call. This isn't a Gen Z problem. This is a everyone problem. I've seen so many people just unable to get jobs. You have 1000s of people applying to one job. A job that more then likely is just up to add more data to their database so they can sell it to other companies. Like that job listing might not even be real.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: i feel like economic concerns play a much bigger part in this than decision paralysis or even mental health issues. I live with my parents but the reason I'm not in any hurry to move out because everyone i know who is my age and more "independent" is living in a significantly worse situation. My only friends who live outside their parents house live in tiny crowded apartments with multiple roommates, work long hours and barely make enough to afford rent and food. its hard to convince yourself  to move out when the only thing you will gain by doing so is more social isolation and more debt
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I got rejected from McDonald's despite having a previous job, answering the quiz to the best of my ability and having full availability. This is the world gen z are facing
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a gen z teenager is trying to actually succeed in life, it’s really exhausting to explain to people constantly that it’s not that we don’t want to succeed, it’s just that everyone and everything around us is indicating that the metric for success is unattainable. There’s no reason to work so hard if you think you’re going to fail entirely. And it’s not that I’m lazy or anything as I’m going to college in a few months to be an attorney but I just think it’s insane that we expect people who are told that the benchmarks for success and truly “living life” are so easy when I know a group of 3 people who can’t even pay rent in a one bedroom anymore because everything is so expensive
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: When they see their parents working themselves into the ground with little or nothing to show for it, AI likely to cause mass unemployment, and countries killing the populations of other countries, I'd lack motivation/direction too. I'm 68 years old, I don't blame them one bit. I look around and see loads of shit in society and politics that is supposed to matter which is utterly pointless.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Im 22, turning 23 in September. I live with my parents in my childhood bedrooom. I work an office job Monday to Friday and I have a part time job on the weekend working at a high end jewellery store. On evenings, I volunteer at a local community garden that supports food insecurity in my community. I have my full drivers licence. I am not a big spender. I don’t ever go shopping just for the sake of it. I have a full Honours Bacjelors degree. I am starting my Masters this fall and I got a full ride to do it.   By no means would I say I am stunted in life by any action of my own. But I still cannot afford to move out, and I can’t afford my own car. I don’t have really any freedom in life and I don’t know when I will.   I can see why some people would just give up.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: its almost like ive grown up surrounded by some of the most cynical and miserable adults imaginable that financially locked themselves into lives that they hate and are completely desperate for young people to suffer from the same mistakes. makes the whole decision making process a bit nerve wracking.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I am 28 years old, so I am right on the edge of gen Z and millennial. And I am sick of hearing the argument that gen Z is struggling due to being soft and lazy without acknowledging the complete lack of economic opportunities for young people. I have teenage cousins who are desperately trying to look for work, but how can they compete when even people my age, holding Bachelor degrees, are struggling to find full time permanent work? At least give them the courtesy of acknowledging how the economy is holding them back.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This isn't just an american problem btw. I'm eastern European and the only way to make decent money here is to be cheap labor for a foreign tech company, the only way people in my country own homes is through inheritance, I have maybe 1 friend that bought his own car.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: You've correctly identified all of the symptoms to the greater problem. Economic instability is the root of it all. We can't afford what we need. Minimum wage is a joke (it used to be the wage one man needed to provide for a family of four).   And the police state has gotten insane. We're over criminalized and penalized for existing. My friend had to pay $700 for not being up on their insurance and tags, plus their car got towed because it's city policy to tow the car for expired registration. What good does that do?   We don't have third spaces or walkable communities, so when and where are you going to socialize with people? Plus if you want kids, you're going to be further in debt than others your age. And you have no time because the culture encourages hyper vigilance for your kids. No wonder we have iPad babies, people are afraid to let their kids out into the world. Parentifying your kids is not the solution to that either, though.   On top of that, social media algorithms thrive on increasing division and keeping you addicted to your phone.   It's a cacophony of societal issues all piled up to create the mess we're in now.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I want to add for driving, that a lot of people just don't want a car and many are sick of how necessary they are in the US as well as all the harm they do (e.g. demolishing neighbourhoods and third spaces for highways and car parks, worse mental health, no exercise, unsafe to exist outside in any other way other than being in a car). Movements for better city planning and allowing people to use other modes of transport safely are becoming more popular especially with gen z.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: i’m an older gen z, born in 2001 (i’m 24). i was rejected from walmart and cvs as a pharmacy technician bc i failed their personality assessments. PERSONALITY ASSESSMENTS. these companies don’t hire, they make it impossible to get decent pay, and the cost of living far outpaces our wages. it costs so much to do anything remotely fun and we can’t afford it. on top of it, the pandemic has disabled a lot of us too
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I’m 21 and living through this right now, so here’s some perspective. Not all Gen Z who are “behind” by society’s invisible standards are lazy or coddled. A lot of us grew up in unstable homes, dealing with real issues way before we had the chance to even think about adulthood, let alone prepare for it.  And now we’re entering a world that’s changing faster than ever. I started out studying computer science, but with how quickly AI is advancing, I changed majors because I’m seriously worried about that future career becoming obsolete.  Especially for those of us who didn’t grow up with money, we’re hyper-aware of how one wrong move could ruin our lives. We don’t get the luxury of just “picking something and figuring it out later” like some older generations could.  So no.. we’re not just obsessed with skincare and vibes. Dismissing an entire generation with cheap shots doesn’t make you insightful. It just makes you part of the problem.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a gen Z (22), I wasn't coddled at all, actually quite the opposite. My parents were addicts and neglectful me, and my brother had to bounce from friends house to friends house to relative to relative being homeless multiple times in my life I helped raise my younger brother i started working as soon as i turned 16 while other kids were wondering which colleges they'd go to i already gave up im terrified of being in debt (luckily my credit score is good) but i never feel like an adult even now and i dont wanna work minimum wage my entire life but i can't do college and also pay bills, rent and gas at the same time i feel stuck and honestly have no idea what to do
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Gen Z here.  99% of these issues stem from the insurmountable economic/financial disadvantage most of us face and are likely doomed to face for the rest of our lives until this country has a massive upheaval. Our generation isn't lazy, we probably work harder than any other generation in history. Most fellow Gen Zrs I know work multiple jobs, myself included, with some kind of entrepreneurial side hustle. Just to make ends meet (and even then it isn't enough).  Meanwhile we grow up on stories from Gen X and Boomers who bought their 500k-1m value house for a stick of gum and some paperclips "back in their day", and a car and supported an entire family all on a SINGLE part-time job at a factory that robots have since replaced.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: All of this has to do with the economic state the US is in. No teenagers want to drive because car payments are insurance are through the roof. 25 year olds can’t buy houses because of how expensive the housing market is right now, let alone renting. Can you blame us? We stay on our phones because doing anything else requires money we don’t have.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: How are Gen Z supposed to become adults when every door into adult life has been violently slammed in their face?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I watched the whole video without interruption or looking at the comments,  and as a frequent viewer, I approach your content in good faith. But I think even if all the above issues were completely absent, the growing inequality of wealth, opportunity and even rights would still lead our young people to the same place... a place often of dread and even nihilism, despite their best efforts. And in the US the Big Beautiful Bill is going to create a deficit so large that we can count on future generations facing the same unnavigable adult landscape. It's inconceivable (and possibly in bad faith?) to think about their seeming "lack of direction, drive or adulting" without putting this at the forefront, rather than mentioned at the end, as a footnote. I hope that might add to your understanding of the overwhelming reaction the video is currently receiving.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I am a therapist working in an incredibly unaffordable city. I have several GenZ clients who are in challenging living situations because they can’t afford to rent an efficiency apartment on their own or qualify for livable shared spaces with friends or partners. They are stuck living with their parents, sometimes in places where they experienced trauma or abuse, or staying in abusive relationships because the thought of moving out, in this economy, causes more anxiety than the alternative. In therapy, we focus on empowerment, approaching and achieving milestones, celebrating small victories… but all with the understanding that things are way harder than they should be, way harder than was promised, way harder than what they would’ve had to contend with if they were coming of age in a pre-pandemic world. It’s easy to become hopeless when everything is inaccessible. The worst part is that no one seems to see or validate this, outside of their own generation. This is the sense that I get from the people commenting on why economics or inequality can’t be left out of this discussion- that this is another instance of feeling misunderstood, which may be compounded by the fact that you seemed to be a person who “gets it.”
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Are you dense? I work at a high school, and Gen Z simply DOES NOT have money. I have teenagers that work full-time jobs and cannot afford the fee to obtain a driver's license. They're unfamiliar with the very concept of an allowance. I'm glad you can discount the economic factors, but the reality is that most people cannot. As other comments have mentioned, you've delineated the symptoms but not the disease, crafting a really bizarre narrative that only applies to upper-class Americans.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Ashley I've been following your content for quite a while and I usually find myself agreeing with you, but I think you dropped the ball here. This isn't a conversation that can be held without the economic nuance, matterless if you commented on it in other videos. You as a creator should know that your main source of views isn't from your long-term viewers, but rather from youtube recommendations on people's explore pages and suggestions leading here from other videos. What depth are you demonstrating to these viewers? In my opinion, you need to make sure every single video depicts you as a reasonable and well rounded person.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @PhilipHristoff-o8c  while I agree to a point but there are people in gen z who just truly don’t care to try anything. That’s not all economic based I’m also gen z btw so don’t hit me with your crowd. I’m struggling financially myself but that doesn’t make me directionless or anything else to do with growing up
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This video feels like dogpiling on Gen Z for being dealt a terrible hand. Aww, what’s that, you don’t want to get your driver’s license because you can’t afford a car or insurance or gas or repairs because you make minimum wage even with a graduate degree? Poor thing, must be because you’re unmotivated and refuse to grow up 🥺 I know you made many other videos talking about Gen Z, and I appreciate all of them, but leaving out this necessary context makes it seem like you’re victim-blaming and recycling the same old intergenerational talking points.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This is not a conversation that can leave out the economic part out without sounded extremely out of touch and as if only wealthy gen z matter. The points in this video are not the primary or even secondary factor of the equation. It's so off it actually offends me.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @persomnus okay i thought i was just overreacting in my own head about this but i completely agree w u
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @persomnus  exactly. maybe more people really are overprotective these days but when the minimum wage is $7.25 and rent is 1.6k and people with bachelors degrees are getting auto rejected from mcdonalds and entry level retail jobs, the mental resilience is so insignificant it's basically a non-factor. talking about how kids don't have their driver's licenses when people can't even afford groceries so of course having a car or learning to drive is not a priority right now (also, it's kind of ridiculous to treat learning to drive as a milestone for "taking responsibility" because apart from the fact that a lot of people literally can't afford that, a lot of people also just don't need to be able to drive to live normal fulfilling adult lives. i spent 6 years in a car centric area getting around on the bus. this is just a marketing script for automobile companies at this point). the conflation of social and emotional milestones with economic ones. being emotionally mature doesn't mean you're going to also have a job and be able to afford a house.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @persomnus  I feel for any undiagnosed neurodivergent gen z who watch this.. just a whole video of "you've been coddled and need to suck it up" gaslighting
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Doesn’t even have to with just economical, but the boomer parents we were raised with who were taught mental illness isn’t a thing, to just “get over it” for everything, & that we should just flow through life no matter how fkd up it gets. That’s not a proper way of living and it shows in the evidence of pasts generations as well, so combine that with a fkd up economy…. Then what do you get???
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: So you just decided to not mention it? But no money is literally why, though!  There are a lot of things that are shitty with the world right now, but to just dismiss outright the fact that inflation is nuts, the national minimum wage in the US is still $7.50, and a deliberately broken housing market.... there's no excuse.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: You're wrong actually.  You come from privilege so you don't understand why late stage capitalism is ruining our futures. Your daddy prolly paid for your doctorate so its cheap sis
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: When I turned 18 unemployment was 4% higher then it is now, you also tended to be cut off from your parents within a few months of finishing highschool.  I really don't see economics as being a solid reason.  Katrina and the Waves sang "Going Down to Liverpool" about going there because there were zero jobs there so rent was cheap.  The band UB-40, UB-40 was the UK unemployment form.  Quite often young adults lived on macaroni and weiners sleeping on floors with a bunch of friends and shared the bills.  We still had hope and a dream for the future, it seems these kids gave up before they started.  The world doesn't have a future when the generation that will lead it quit.  Oh for really chilling watch "Love is a Battlefield" by Pat Benetar, the video for the song is about girls that left home, lived on the streets and spent nights at the club hoping someone would take them home in exchange for a place to sleep, maybe a meal and a shower...I keep seeing these people that can afford a phone and a car saying nobody ever had it as hard as them.  Bad part is these kids are spending their parents retirement fund, I feel really bad for the milenials that have 29 year old dependents, you'll only have a decade to save for retirement which likely wont be enough.  There are a lot of reasons but economics is not valid, tough times make tough people, the silent generation showed us that.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I understand not wanting to repeat a topic that you’ve covered so many times already (in other very good videos might I add), but these things are so intrinsically linked that it comes off as kind of disingenuous to disregard the economic side for the majority of the video, as it quite literally is the number 1 factor for the vast majority of people, regardless of their psychological and emotional profiles.  I hope you don’t take any of these comments personally by the way, it’s a very understandable oversight. I don’t think there’s a single person here that wants you to fail :)
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Love you and your content but this one was sort of lacking nuance imo
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Not a good conversation if this part is left out because it is a KEY factor to most of the social and emotional behavior. As a gen Z myself it is all linked because it hard to make any decision, or think about the future at all when you dont have a hand to play with. Most people my age feel doomed like there's no point in even playing the game beyond surviving it.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a regular viewer who has already seen all the videos you’ve linked to already, I really didn’t mind you focusing on non-economic factors.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Bradleyplausse  same! but, she should have told the viewers that the video would not be discussing the harmful impact the economy is making on adulting genz at the beginning. no hate, but the economy makes a bigger impact than parenting styles to young adults, at least in my opinion.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: People complaining about this completely skipped the part about us using trauma and unfairness as a shield against personal responsibilities. We say "It's harder to grow up because the economy sucks" and "Don't judge me because it's the government's fault", and while those are both important considerations, they don't help us get out of this. Yes, everything sucks and the world offers us absolutely nothing these days. I'm not saying it's fair, but consider that this crumbling world is a world we will someday inherit, and marinating in its flaws does not prepare us to repair it, nor does it facilitate personal developmeny or satisfaction. No one is passing down the key to the kingdom this time; we just have to take it, and do better.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @TalesGrimm  Odd comparison but the same is happening in gaming.  Years ago people gamed for fun, now the developers spend all their time making incentives and free gifts because these same "kids" seem to have no interest in effort without some sort of reward.  Hell most wont even collect things without considering the future value of it.  If they want a brighter future your advice is dead on, get off your butt and start making a difference.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Great video great response. Don't listen to the h8ters
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: So many comments prove the emotional stuntedness happening. Nobody is denying the economic problems, theres nothing wrong with living at home to save, etc. The takeaway I have from the video is assessing the emotional issues (which are NOT gen z’s fault) of decision paralysis, delayed sense of responsibility, and expectation management. This is happening at all socioeconomic levels.   Feedback to discuss the economics a bit more is fine, but don’t let these children make you feel bullied Ashley. Great video, well presented. Here’s the hard reality folks: the victim mentality will naturally select you out of the gene pool, and leave more room for the rest of us. You can be fine with that or not, your decision.  - from a gen z
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @jestahjava4255  why would victim mentality be related to gene pool? not arguing in favor of one obviously but this statement seems laughably baseless. Calling it "victim mentality" when the viewers commenting are just pointing out the blatant flaws of the video and the way the information was presented. You need to think for yourself and to not let others do it for you for once!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I feel like the theme of the video has been a little lost here. It isn't about Gen Z achieving economic-based milestones like buying a house, having kids, or advancing in their careers. Like I said, it's about social and emotional milestones. Getting your driver's license is not about whether you can afford a car or not; it's about wanting to take on adult responsibilities. As well, settling into a long-term relationship is not about economics, and finding a path in life is not about landing your dream career job. The economy is hindering Gen Z greatly, but that wasn't what the video was about. I'm not saying they can't get jobs or buy a house because they were coddled as children. In the same way, I'm not saying they can't pick a life path because car prices have inflated past affordability. There is some overlap, as you can see in the video, but I was trying to lean on the mindset side of things, which is why economics only got a shout-out at the end.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @AshleyEmbers why would you have any desire to get your license when there is no car available to you to use or even practice driving? And you know that you will not be in a position to buy a car for 10+ years
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ⁠​⁠ @AshleyEmbers  i feel you that those aspects were your focus for this video, however, its all connected, diabolically intertwined even, sadly, regrettably,  imagine if it weren’t ?!? 👀 🎉 but i digress,   most of what the video focuses on is secondary, or even tertiary, look at it this way, economic based milestones as u put, also have social and more importantly emotional impacts, say you’re the only one who hasn’t gotten a license because no one has an extra boat to practice in, or money for driving lessons w/mrs puff, and you gotta ask for rides everywhere or use your chevrolegs, or find bus and light rail routes which still require gas $ to bus pass pimp na mean? (How r u gonna look em up with no phone, computer, or interweb?!)  But lets zoom out a bit, forgive me for putting in the details as i imagine them lol but okay from any lens yo, rational, logical, hell even number crunching, budgeting conscious, accounting class nerd type, unbiased analysis of, we might be fqked, it to take a very long time, lotta lotta cash/credit/debt, everything that economic based milestones NOW require (like anything and everything else now REALLY) and, still, 1 job two jobs, schooling, three jobs/side gigs that also become main gigs cuz still take time money energy and effort to do and recover from instead of rest or relaxation, and one could say with certainty even acknowledging that some or all economic milestones may not EVER be achieved, and if one has done that, has crunched the number, wrote it down, thought it out, and see, see it for what it is, that its not as CRAZY as maybe we friggin hoped it would be, because it IS crazy…it’s insane how uncrazy it is…  that that may very well be the case, for a lot of us, regardless of generation regardless of, anything else really, we’re more alike than not, even the 1% has ITS 1% ! Imagine ?!?! We have more in common and take any look see, its not looking good, by anyb measure, any analysis, any aspect of life today, here or anywhere, and the rest makes sense, iced coffeees & avocado toast anyone? =‘] it doesn’t cost a mortgage or rent and im way more sure about qualifying for 1 and no wait, get them today ! 🎉 🥳 🧊 ☕️ 🥑 🍞🥹🫠👍  (from conspiracy theory to conspiracy fact, or, you know, regular conspiracy (meaning true/real, a real plan, a scheme that occurred or is occurring)  because 2 or more people conspiring IS by def a conspiracy, where 2 or more parties plan or agree to do something USUALLY in a nefarious manner and usually for personal [corporate, special interest, lobby, gov, organized religion/education/media etc] gain, at everyone else’s expense, again, its crazy how NOT crazy it is, and because they’ve been doing it for so long, and efforts, MASSSIVE efforts to “ill make it legal” - sith, they kind of dont even really need to hide it, and sometimes like one of my fav movies The Big Short, why would they confess? Theyre not confessing, theyre bragging ! (The Other Guys, mark walberg and will ferrel touches on that too, wall st and corporate corruption and coverup and hijinks too!)  For anyone thats interested a good place to start is endless currency debasement with the Federal Reserve™️ Act of 1913, titanic, list of remaining countries WITHOUT Rothschild controlled banks (yet), and “The Collapse of The American Dream Explained in Animation” here on YouTube, i think its by doctordude https://youtu.be/mII9NZ8MMVM?si=ZanjQUInNu_eNjzL ? 🤷 that one’s good, and goldandsilvers’s “The Biggest Scam of History of Mankind - Hidden Secrets of Money Ep4, https://youtu.be/iFDe5kUUyT0?si=E85TDimbJW-LBEwl is also a doozy, and, painfully true. Just be ready, and it can be confusing, and thats on purpose. (Spoiler alert, the Federal Reserve™️ isnt federal and has no reserves…what a name eh? See: fda,fbi,epa,cps,cdc, damn near all of em…a lot of what it is, or i guess ISNT, is in the name, and thats by design too, think Totally Legit Enterprises LLC, lol im gonna copy paste this as a regular comment feel free to reply to either 🤷 hope you’re all doin alright, even if you’re not, thats ok 2 =‘], dont get me started on ghost jobs/ghosting, peace)
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @AshleyEmbers hey ashley. if the theme of the video was lost on the audience it was made for, then im sorry, but the video wasnt done well. i understand what you were trying to do but the way you did it made your argument fall apart. a person's mindset and their ability to to even meet social and emotional milestones is heavily influenced by economics, which in turn, also AFFECTS said person's mindset and abilities. gen z's ability to meet certain social and emotional milestones which you are saying is the topic of the video, is only possible if/when the playing field is even remotely level. which it's not. bc of economics. so the theme isn't working.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yeah, I graduated highschool in 2023 and most of the people around me were overachieving zombies. They sat in the class, did everything they needed to do, did extracurriculars so they had a higher chance of going to a good college/good scholarships,  worked a few hours to pay off their phone bill and got home at 10. Some teenagers I knew got six hours of sleep and got up at 5 to workout before school. I could barely function getting 8, I don't know how they did it. I feel like everyone after freshman year suddenly matured into 30 year olds with lots of experience, I think to get good grades and good scholarships/acceptance into college, along with the pressure from teachers and parents to stop being "lazy" and act mature, so we can have opportunity.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @buvkyy  yeah I'm 20 graduated HS in 2023 and still feel like a 11 yr old I'm trying but nothing changes but I'm doing things I try to like honestly I feel comfortable unemployed where Im at but at the same time Isolated or lack of money and idk but I'm grateful even though this economy is horrible and makes me wanna be part of a revolution lol but yeah im just living my life
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: And it's all economically driven. You either choose the former and don't fret about how you live or, if you want something resembling economic stability, choose the latter. It isn't like sitting in the middle achieves anything beyond busywork. The gap between how much money you have and how much you need to get above water is comical.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Just throwing in my two cents as a 20-year-old Gen Z living in Australia (not the US).  I’ve got my licence, I’m juggling two jobs, and I’m currently studying at uni. On average, I work about 25 hours a week, split between data work at a hospital and shifts at Subway.  The reality is, I feel like I have to work this much just to have a shot at a decent future. Sure, I know people say you can take it slow—enjoy your 20s, then think about settling down in your late 20s or early 30s. But honestly, it feels like if I wait that long, I’ll either fall behind or just end up in the same rat race as everyone else my age.  Where I live, house prices are through the roof. Even saving up a 20% deposit could mean scraping together $60–80k for a 40-year-old place that needs renos. It’s disheartening knowing things have been gradually declining for decades, and from where we stand, they’re not looking like they’ll improve anytime soon.  We were brought up being told, “If you work hard, you’ll get there”—that one day we’d be able to afford a home. But look around—how many 25–35-year-olds (even people in their 40s) are still trying to break into the housing market? It’s getting worse, not better. And it makes you wonder… if things are only going to keep sliding downhill, what’s the point in trying so hard?  So many people in my generation have already resigned themselves to throwing away their dreams in exchange for short-term comfort. Constant access to dopamine through social media, internet addiction, not bothering with school or seeking meaningful work—it's not laziness, it's survival in a system that’s felt rigged from the beginning.  We’ve grown up under the pressure of impossible expectations while being handed fewer opportunities. We’re the product of a society that changed the rules, then told us we just weren’t trying hard enough.  I’d genuinely love to hear your thoughts on how you’d approach teaching or guiding my generation. What makes some people grind through the system, and others give up or tune out entirely? Is it upbringing, luck, resilience—or something deeper?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The traveling sports fit into this category, families don’t even spend time together anymore in wholesome ways, because of the constant grind
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Let me give my perspective as someone in college: it is terrifying trying to enter adulthood these days. Not because Being an adult is the problem, it's the ability to stay afloat. I could drive, meet friends for bowling, watch friends, or whatever 20 yr olds 20 years ago did. But the problem is that trying to live that life now without prep is suicide. Getting a career as the economy shuts down EVEN HARDER than 2008 while bots moderate your resume, and the economy slowly prices working class people out of the market to preserve stockholder value, you feel like a caged animal where the only opening from the cage is entering into a hellscape. Some people are willing to resume build, and would have done that earlier had they been given the opportunity, others simply see both and drift bc it feels useless to kiss ass and denigrate yourself instead of enjoy the nothing you've got. But neither should be unexpected
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'm a teacher in Germany and it's the same here. But I also think, that growing up is depending on how you see it, a bad thing now. If growing up only means that you're feeding the machine, it's not desirable.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: the way you word that makes it sound like the future is gen-x redos & even more formerly-gifted-children 😭  (nothing but compassion from me for all of gen-z; capitalism & social media has taken a godamn horrendous toll to every generation alive right now)
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: i hit burnout at 16 as someone in the latter group. so glad i'm finding the balance of being ambitious and aiming high and being kind to myself now. i'm 19 and hopefully studying physics at uni
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a highschooler right now who wants to give her two cents with no direction in life except my love for art and psychology and wanting to be known for it… I’m so glad SOME adult understands. My dad has this sort of pressure on me to figure out an exact path of what I want to do but I just… can’t. I know very well that he had it harder during his young years but life just feels too difficult for me to jump into the rat race myself and fight to be known. It sucks, and I just want to be known for my stories and characters.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Wow I couldn’t have said it any better myself as a fellow teacher you see the students clamoring for something anything but often times rather they numb themselves by doing nothing in search for something, or lie to themselves by trying to do everything in search of something in either case they end up even more empty.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: It’s the current state of the economy that makes us as GenZ not want to branch out. We can’t keep afloat on our own, every thing is too expensive, food, rent, car payments, gas prices. You either have to be working constantly and have multiple jobs. But even that isn’t enough. So many of us would rather stay at home in stability with our parents. But we also don’t have any means to really leave. I’m thankful that I am with my fiancé, we just got an apartment, but we wouldn’t have been able to do it alone.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: wow i hate that i agree and fell into the latter group as i aged into early adulthood. Born in 96 and by the time i was 21 the resume building had zapped every ounce of me
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a parent this is very helpful to know. I want to prepare my kids for the reality they will face as adults but i don’t want to overwhelm them, i have suffered from burnout and depression and would hate to bring that upon them. Such a hard thing to balance
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Omg the second one was me during high school and now I’m in the first category having graduated 😭
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: "Their own expectations" the worlds, you mean. Since i graduated high school it was ALWAYS "we are all trying to get as close to 100% as possible" as our primary goal because the idea is theres no excuse, the only limit is how hard you can work. And so for my generation the disabled are the first to drop because its all just 'do it perfect til you fail or die then get replaced by someone else"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: And the thing is that neither of these groups ever get to "grow up." The former have no desire to grow up because what good is that going to do for them. It will just shatter the alternate reality that they're created. The latter never got to experience  the emotional growth and personal development necessary to be resilient because they are on a factory line of achievement that doesn't allow for any individuality or expression. At the end, both of them lose. My sister is the first category, and I fear that I will be the second one.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @SwordSnapper289  I have no choice but to overachieve, and a lot of my peers are the same way. We have no support from family members and haven't since we learned how to drive. Once we got a car to drive to school and work, it was up to us to figure out how to pay our bills and gas and clothes. A chunk of the issues here are a lack of good parenting. They don't want to/can't provide their kids necessary things like winter jackets and glasses.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Funny I used to be the 2nd group then I burned out and became the 1st group later in my adult life. When from overachiever to “no fucking clue to do with my life”. It’s honestly frustrating and exhausting mentally even though I’m living right with my parents. I’m grateful for them cause idk what I would do without them. I lack ambition or sense of direction which really makes me feel worse.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Im a history teacher at a public high school. Except for a few standouts, the entire generation has given up. 😢
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yeah I was part of the first group and I got out of high-school senior year without graduating because I literally had zero drive and I could see the Forest through the trees. I realized that I was probably the only person who did and it made me give up. Nothing is going to get better with just me alone and thats how I felt and how I still feel. Alone.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a neurodivergent person, it’s kinda disheartening that this generation battle gives people an excuse to call you a failure for not being good at socializing
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I work in customer service and am gen z. I find it interesting how the most pleasant interactions typically are by gen z and millennials. It feels like they see us as people and not little robots to serve them
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'm 42 and I am on your side kids. I had that blank and expressionless stare going on in the 90s. It's "I'm trying to be pleasant and polite, and you are making it *hard*"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Millennials were also called lazy and inept when we were coming up in the workforce. I have a feeling this is something every generation always says about the newer generation and forgets it was said about them
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a millennial ('95) who works retail, I've had more of the awkward stare from the 50+ folks than from anyone younger than that
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I love that being awkward is seen as quirky or relatable in media, but the second someone irl doesn’t follow social norms it’s a whole issue.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I am older gen z (was already in college when pandemic started) and have never struggled with my social skills. I have noticed some of the younger gen z people around me tend to be socially awkward. My problem is that the relentless shaming of the “gen z stare” on TikTok feels like high school bullying - making fun of socially awkward people without understanding why they are that way. The pandemic genuinely stunted younger gen z people and that’s not ok. We need to be looking for solutions and not punching down.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: See the crazy part is that I'm Gen Z and have never experienced the Gen Z Stare, like, ever. Service workers don't stare off into space or stare at me like I'm speaking gibberish. Now I've DEFINITELY had older workers look at me like I ruined their day by daring to walk into their restaurant and want food, though.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: i hate being 30 and now having gone through this twice before; old ppl just want to hate the younger generations and this is just the next justification to cry about it
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I worked with a lot of boomer conservatives at my last job, my gen z stare was "I can't believe you actually just said that out loud at your place of employment, but I know if I make a fuss about it I'll be considered the issue so this is the most I can do to make you feel judged for your actions without losing my job"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I always felt like the whole "i don't owe you" thing was like "I don't owe you kindness when you are being unnecessarily rude" at first and spiraled.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: What they call “the Gen Z stare” I call dissociation from the horrible reality I live in
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: 16:52 I think it needs to be said WHAT small talk IS. As autistic person I hate totally pointless just for politeness stuff, stuff that does not allow for neurodivergent versions, but minor conversations and little interactions are what I thrive on.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I think an aspect that was glossed over in this video was that the stare is often given to those who are disrespectful toward younger people because they are younger. Yes there are socialization issues, but it also applies to older people. We aren't willing to give respect based on someone's age alone, especially when they are actively making life more difficult for us
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I got accused of having a genz stare once . Im autistic with hearing problems .
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Younger generations in general get the short end of the stick as they come into the world. I'm an older millenial and I remember coming into my first job post-uni and seeing the articles that we were lazy, entitled, wanting participation trophies, and being blamed for the slow down of diamond and mayo sales. Now that same thing is being applied to Gen Z.  I've worked with a lot of amazing, bright Gen Z, and a lot socially inept Millenials, Gen-X, and Boomers as well. Generational generalizations can be fun to look at and meme about, but it's harmful to view the world and categorize people right off the bat based on just that.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: as a diagnosed autistic person, this is something I’m already so used to hearing. I abide by the ‘I don’t owe people anything’, but only in situations where it is possibly harmful to me. I’m someone that’s comfortable being completely alone all of the time, but I’m nice to people because I know how much better it feels when people reciprocate kindness.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I work in fast food, and ive been accused of having a "gen z stare", but im Autistic and thats just how my face is.  Im not rude to customers- i think im rather polite and respond quickly, but i often forget to use facial expressions.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I was told “don’t speak until spoken to” and “if you don’t have something nice to say, don’t say anything at all”. Personally, growing up everything I said was taken with a worst faith interpretation or I’d get cut off if I tried to defend myself or say anything, so I stopped. I then just got accused of trying to “stare people down” when I really just didn’t have anything to say that wouldn’t be turned against me. When I started working in customer service it got even worse because people wouldn’t respond to me at all or HEAR me, so I got trained to wait for customers to come to me
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: 2:11 I can’t believe that the same people who practically beat the idea of look at who your speaking with is now upset we look at people when they speak to us
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yesss! My sibling does the same “gen Z stare” but they have autism and ADHD and r usually zoning out, they can’t really control it
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ⁠@sw3et.t00th_m3nac3I hope the best for your siblings truly I’m autistic and working with neurotypicals all day gets exhausting and when I want to be left alone people are literally asking if I’m depressed and I say no and there like are you sure yes I’m fine I just want to left alone and masking myself on top of that feeling suffocating like one of friends/coworkers asked why do I want to be alone idk bc I can’t stand everyone talking at the same time trying to get a word in and people want small talk I’m sorry I can’t join in it’s annoying and wasting my time I like my fish and plants or science anything but small talk so I’m pretty much bored bc I didn’t know people can be this so boring like cmon where is the life feels working with walking talking corpse it’s something about humans I really don’t like
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @sw3et.t00th_m3nac3 damn that sucks, but still if he can't socialize maybe just disown him?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: In my opinion, this is a key factor to consider.  Gen Z is more open to neurodiversity and are unmasking more.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Claralevistudio  I hope it happens more and more. Sadly I had an ex friend group that, despite some of them having ND themselves and disabilities, bullied me to a point of emotional abuse over my disabilities and ND just because I unmasked and got better in therapy and they were unable to.   We need more people who are healed, or at least don't get mad at people trying to heal. <3
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @Claralevistudio   and yet are also more abelist. It's kind of crazy that Gen z are inclusive and discriminatory at the same time.  I've been hearing the r slur tossed around left and right, and it's just frustrating to me
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Claralevistudio  that makes a lot of sense, lol. im most likely autistic (have all the symptoms) and this sorta thing makes sense to me. granted, just a small smile when talking to customers should be what you do, but thats when youre actually talking to them. and i think you should be able to not smile if the conversation goes long enough. idk, to me theres a lot of "if then" statements for these situations
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yeah FR! Like, as someone with autism, I struggle with this all the time! I’m just naturally stoic and reserved, but I’m still pleasant and friendly.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Felt this my whoooole life (a failure) as older gen z 😮‍💨
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: as someone who doesn't like to socialize in large groups or at all with strangers, I like this gen. They make the most sense to me.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Unfortunately, this is a trend that I’ve seen since Gen X was entering teen hood. Both sides calling the other a slew of things based on communication etiquette and general differences in social cues. That said, the older generations are always the ones who start this bs, so I can’t really blame the younger generation for putting the gloves on.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: no literally my autistic/adhd ass is just like damn, they’re all referencing symptoms i experience(like not knowing how or when to start conversations) and hating people for it, kinda makes you feel like shit about yourself. but even then, i’ve NEVER just stared at someone when they’re addressing me in some kind of way. like i may not always respond in the best way cuz im awkward but ive never just left someone completely unacknowledged and ive never really experienced that with any other gen z workers ive interacted with
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @leo-rp1ps same if I’m being directly addressed I’m very quick to respond (albeit awkwardly or quietly) but when it comes to organically starting a convo with someone my brain is just like mmm don’t know what to say head empty just give an awkward smile and hope they get that I would actually love to be friendly 🙂
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Totally agree, I find it so difficult and I really do my best, therapy, mindset coach, exposure therapy, getting uncomfortable. I put myself in situations to get over not only the fact I’m on the spectrum but struggling with panic disorder and anxiety due to being bullied all through childhood and struggling with body image. I feel like a failure when I see these things and I genuinely don’t know what to do.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: People can not FATHOM people being different. Plus, this 'stare' isn't even new. Think of ALL the old movies where the fast food workers are just zoned out, zit faced teenagers. It's almost like that's what working fast food as a teenager does to people lmao  These things are a minority in people but people notice rude people, so they attribute it to the generation instead of realizing everyone can be a little off.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I feel the same way!! 😭. And what’s crazy is I do try my best to appear “normal” and “sociable” in public situations. I don’t ignore others, i try to match people’s enthusiasm. But I’m just not good at it. I’ve always struggled with social interactions and maintaining relationships. So being categorized by older generations is really frustrating.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Hahahaha-qd4fx same here I want a friend just doing friends stuff and being normal when I’m not is frustrating so I’m slowly unmasking myself and see who sticks around well I noticed once I start acting odd in there image people get weird around me
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: it's incredibly incredibly disheartening. It's ableism! and i hate it!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: same, im audhd and i genuinely have no idea when im doing stuff it just happens sometimes i make too big of an expression, sometimes i dont at all when i react to people, im not meaning anything but to let them know im listening and sometimes older people think im being rude like hello
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yea I have adhd so I usually space out often and yesterday some middle aged man was like why do you have that gen z stare which is why I looked it up and found this video
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I’m autistic and NEVER understood why people NEED their pleasantries reciprocated. Why do they feel entitled to your reciprocation?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @pewdrules  Social norms and cues.   Conversely, why do you feel entitled to not reciprocate social cues? Just as being required makes you feel off, normal people consider the lack of response to be a sign of disrespect.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a fellow ND person, it’s very disappointing when they care so much about socializing when they’re letting the world burn with plastics and fuel 🙃🙃🙃
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: precisely my thought - fellow neurodivergent person
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I’m just really socially anxious and an introvert in general tbh. I can communicate with people I’m comfortable with but it just drains me after a while.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: it's way easier to have a friendly voice than to move my face muscles into a happy one.  I move my face muscles so little, my eyebrows don't move more than a few millimeters even when I try hard to make angry or sad eyebrows.  I also still look like a teen at 27. lol but yeah, putting on a smiling friendly face for customer service would get old after 5 mins lol like who could put on a performance for that long? also, I don't have to be smiling to be happy.  I don't have resting b face, I apparently have resting sad face. always get asked if I'm ok meanwhile I'm doing fantastic. if I wasn't ok I would not even be around for you to ask.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ⁠​⁠​⁠​⁠​⁠​⁠ @Star_Rattler  That’s very interesting. I suppose always genuinely smiling at work almost necessarily has to be performative, as one cannot always be expected to be happy at a job.  I ended up writing a lot, more than I expected, so sorry in advance! I got the impression from reading that the act of smiling seems slightly difficult, or at least not easy, and it was the same for me in the past but no longer, and I wrote mostly about the progression in hopes that it could be useful or at least interesting to read about.  My mother mentioned to me years ago as a teenager that my neutral face could be very scary, and similarly to what you mentioned, I would have it even when happy. I’m not exactly sure how I came to my understanding of how facial muscles work, but I changed my neutral expression to be less scary and more… neutral. Muscles can be extended or contracted, and they lengthen or shorten based on their “training”. As in, the neutral position of a muscle is not absolute and unchanging. Take the tongue, for example. The optimal tongue posture has the tongue curved and touching the roof of the mouth, but some maladaptive postures have it flat and pushed against the teeth, which causes some facial development issues like stunting jaw development or splitting apart the two front teeth over time (I used to do this). After starting to move my tongue to the correct posture, though, eventually that’s where it rested neutrally as the muscles adjusted, and my tongue no longer ever tended to lie flat.   I write all this about the tongue because I believe the same applies to the muscles of the face. Partially, though, I was backtracking how I got to this point, as I assume learning from tongue posture back then helped with later changes. My neutral face had the muscles of my mouth almost fully extended, appearing to droop. What I changed was just… to not let them droop all the way, but actually hold them in the middle between fully smiling and fully drooping. Nowadays I look like I’m sliiiiiightly smiling. I think of this similarly to abdominal muscles, where the ideal is to slightly tense them and maintain better posture rather than allow your abs to sag completely.   Some muscles that are involved in truly smiling are involuntary, so there will always be some performative aspect to smiling if you’re not actually happy, but I do believe it’s possible to not have a scary or sad neutral face through just slightly changing posture and changing the natural resting state of muscles over time. I hope the read was at least somewhat interesting if not useful!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: especially because these older generations are the ones responsible for teaching their kids to socialize and interact with others 💀💀
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Oh, they've always done it. They're just becoming more broad with their ableism.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'm neurodivergent and also an empath so I feel people's emotions really intensely so I often feel really burnt out. Also I struggle with socialisng.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @KatieKangaroo26 iirc experiencing others emotions like that (to distressing levels) is less of an empathy thing and more of a survival response thing we learn as children, we're taught to constantly monitor other people's reactions and adapt to avoid conflict within unhealthy households. Naturally this is very exhausting, and is something I also see come up a lot with my fellow neurodivergent peers, so I wonder if there is some correlation (eg. we have to make a more intense effort to read people, therefore the whole phenomenon is more noticeable) or if it's really just that we were all raised in silently abusive situations. Which also wouldn't surprise me. /info
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yeah it's the same stick yet more aggressive this time around.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a neurodivergent person you weren't constantly bullied for your entire life about that very thing?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As a neurodivergent person, there isn’t a lot thats funnier to me than seeing underpaid customer service reps stop pretending to like people
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Literally. I have a processing disorder so bad I got hearing aids at 20. If they have an issue or are rude, I will shame them into the ground for being mad about a disability, lmao. Even if I am not mad.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I have a difficulty in finding a job because of this. Now, I just try to enjoy my unemployment era despite the stress ppl around me are giving 🙃
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I often stare into the void and zone out, no idea if its a neurodivergent thing but its just what I do and I can't help it. But the way people shame others for this is pissing me off because a lot of it is so unwarranted.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I am autistic and an adhder, I hate making phone calls so much that instead of calling my bank for something, I walked to the bank (no license or someone to drive me) to talk in person and it got resolved in like 5 minutes. The walk from my house took longer one way. Hell, the only person I can talk to for hours without hesitation is my best friend. Also, a funny and ironic thing, I like voice calls. Like ones in Discord or Snapchat put I don't show my face. My brain doesn't make sense.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Exactlyyyy. Just what I thought tbh. It's ableist ASF...
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Exactly. Not all of us are neurotypical. This is what dissuades me from going out in general tbh.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The worst part is its mostly our parents generation. So you're complaining that you messed up as a parent? Like who's fault is it?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Literally, have a stimulating conversation and my brain won’t check out for the day
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Literally. As someone with adhd, sometimes I really just have to take a couple seconds to think, which I fear may come across as being disrespectful
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: they legit said this about EVERY GEN EVER. it's just another way of boombers and fossils to make us fight amung each other while they profit off daddies emerald or oil mines
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I have to control it so they don't know
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Yeah. Glad to know I'm literally not alone in this. I'm 24 and I feel old. Have a lot of mental issues and tend to lack motivation for anything. Force myself to work a job I don't like or feel safe in. I feel like a failure for not dropping this cycle to pursue what I like because I feel afraid and believe I won't make it because of society standards.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Mia cole is the nettspend of video essayists
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: "Apathy is death" The moment you decide to lay down and die is the moment our overlords win. Don't let the bastards grinds you down.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Turned 40 and I try to explain to my mom why her students are disengaged. This video summed it up well.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Older gen z here at 24 yrs old. Honestly, things like this, seeing my generation have empathy and passion, gives me hope
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: It's also very interesting that all of these things were said about millennials, then we got too old, and media switched it to being traits of Gen-Z more or less overnight with a few modifications.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: They didn’t hit until the hopelessness part, but this is how people describe prison. Boredom, unease, anger, hopelessness, isolation, being involved in a system you cannot escape from, seeing authority as hostile, using addictions to cope and getting lost in them, but still having a need to continue on because what else is there?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: 1:23:41 I think that’s the root of the malaise Gen Z feels: powerlessness. We know what the problems are, we have ideas for solutions but because of the lack of resources and the system that’s been stacked against us, we don’t have any power to change anything.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I once had to explain why gen z americans are so unpatriotic to my gen x dad. I told him that we've never had a reason to be. We were toddlers at best when 9/11 happened, so we don't remember the surge of national pride that followed. What we remember is the long-term aftermath: the surveillance state, increased islamophobia, everything in the middle east, etc. The news about Abu Ghraib broke in 2004. We've never seen patriotism used for good, we've only seen it mask nationalism that is used for cruelty and exploitation. Sometimes this makes us cynical and apathetic, but I think it also helps us ignore national borders. Other than ironic feuds with the British and jokes about the Olympics, many of us have very little loyalty to an arbitrary national identity. When we see people suffering, like those in Gaza, we don't care if they're our country's allies or not. I think that can be a very powerful thing.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: the phone is not bad. the phone is a tool. social media? also a tool. but removing physical socialization from a highly social species? thats very very VERY bad! tools are not replacements!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: “I promise I’m not an academic, I do this all out of spite” get it girl,  I’ve never felt so seen, out of all the political essay stuff I’m seeing on yt since I’ve stopped being apolitical, you have to be one of the very best ones. Instant sub, let’s radicalize some mofos
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Something that isn't noted in a lot of anti-war discussion about Gen Z is how much outcry there was about Iraq and the disasterous war on terror by Millennials and Gen X. I can say from that perspective we were painted as unamerican, malcontents and told we were ignorant.. nothing about these demonstrations is novel except that the narrative has escaped the media.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: It was such an interesting experience to watch my family go from loving Greta thunberg and looking at us as “the generation to save them” but instantly flip on her and us for pushing the boundaries on actual change and providing actual ideas for change. (They also sometimes look down on me for actually participating in community building)
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Was pointed to this channel and in 5 min my blood pressure is up and eyes are dilating. Subscribed
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: all that work just to plug my letterboxd....
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Aside from the existential dread of learning Mia Cole is younger than me (23). I think this video does a phenomenal job at conveying that the mere act of fighting, or trying, to make the world a better place is in its own right an improvement. And that even if it doesn't guarantee change, it's the only path that doesn't guarantee a lack thereof. Which, I feel, is a very prevalent understanding in our generation.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As an older millenial, the thing I want to communicate to gen-X folks and folks in my own generation is this: The Kids Are Not Alright, but they'll be damned if they're going to take it lying down. We need to SUPPORT YOUNG PEOPLE. To be CRYSTAL FUCKING CLEAR, "support young people" doesn't mean "pat them on the back and tell them they are the future." It means "build a better world so they can live the happy lives we promised they would." They are not here to finish the race for us. We must stop kicking the can down the road and stand with them, not just hand them the reigns and hope for the best.  Thank you, Mia, for both the incredible amount of work you put into these videos, the guests you brought on to speak, and for giving me a little boost whenever I am worried about the people who will come after me.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This hits my heart so so hard. At 50, all i can say is "You are absolutely right."  And when I was young and with your fire, we didn't have the numbers. And I've been fighting for 30ish years. And as tired as you are. I am so so so tired.  I know as bad as it was for me, it is getting worse. And while i agree with the slow changing arc of history, it is SO VERY SLOW. And everything else moves SO VERY FAST.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'm older Gen Z (23) and im exhausted. Extremely, and utterly... exhausted. Mentally, physically, emotionally and spiritually. I'm so damn lonely and wish i was never born into this world. My mom couldn't break the cycle of abuse, and when i thought i could escape that- it became nearly impossible. I'm afraid of never having a future, and it always being this way. Nothing changing is one of my biggest fears.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I read a quote somewhere that says that the easiest way to take someone's power away is to convince them that they don't have any, and at the end of the day, I think that's true.  The main thing that the powerful have that the plebs don't is the audacity.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: imagine writing a 1.5 hour video essay just to be compared to nettspend
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Today i learnt that nettspend is some kind of kid rapper, who at a glace looks like genZ justin beiber fused with eminem except he took shrooms instead of overdosing on white boy rage.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: All these Nettspend haters 🤦‍♂️ bro is fire asf yall just don't get it 🔥
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @alecisshady  nah u just have bad taste 💯 (jk)
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: How dare you compare her to Shittspend💔
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Totally over my head, don’t understand at all  But Mia has written a brilliant essay here for sure !
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Totally over my head, don’t understand at all  But Mia has written a brilliant essay here for sure !
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: how dare you compare nettspend to her
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Oh and no, it isn't the CEOs, it is their shareholder that are the real evil because the shareholders are the ones that own the CEOs
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Gunklet  hard agree 🔥🔥 we gon be ok
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @fwurbz  nettspend is the worst musician in the past five years
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: “Apathy is death, WORSE than death, for the rotting corpse will provide for the beasts and insects in the field.” -Kreia of a retconned Star Wars project.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Sakira198  ie, the culter war.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Nolite te bastardes carborundorum (its been a while so I might have got it wrong lmfao)
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Probably the wisest thing Kreia said. It sticks with my
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Handmaid's Tale reference spotted!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The overlords don't give a shit how apathetic or not you feel man.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @stevenjames6830  the rich elite oligarchy that works with the government to. Oth set policies,  and push society where they wish for them to vote, through coercive pressure campaigns to conform.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @stevenjames6830  English socialism if you prefer labels, with a heavy dose of Marxism  and gnostic idiocy.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Every one of these "why don't they?" boomer questions is answered "why would they?"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: it's called western nihilism. the only cure is revolutionary optimism as prefaced by Ho Chi Minh
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @alexanderredhorse1297 reminds me of radical acceptance and opposite action from DBT. radical acceptance: this is the current reality. a lot of things are terrible. opposite action: that statement is true and makes me want to give up, and i'm absolutely not going to. sorry brain i will not be giving in to doomerism today!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @alexanderredhorse1297  thx for the recommendation
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @alexanderredhorse1297  or though a more humanties-angled lens, The New Sincerity.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Same gotta do more (and not just smoke more za) 💀
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: and then elon musk did a very bad hand gesture but suddenly nobody can agree on how bad and truly ominous that is! we’re screwed
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Same. I’m disabled and need all the hope I can get rn.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As 28 year old genz first of our generation we been doing a lot for you younger ones too
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: younger gen z i have no hope, nothing ever changes, the worlds dying. im not depressed and it could be from doomscrolling but this last election has said a lot
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: In the 90s they said it all about us gen x people as well. There is always money to be made pandering to older people's resentment and fear of younger people.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @grief_hammer  Yup. "Nothing ever happens" as the meme goes. All the same crap on repeat, decade after decade.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: If you want to do yourself a favor; when you have that "locked in" sensation, use that time to actually discern what you want to do with your life rather than trying to plan on reaching goals that other people said should matter to you.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: dude was locked in making this video
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Even this video has a lot of images per second so people really watch it till the end
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I love how in the beginning, the guy promises to wake up earlier and earlier, as if he's trying to compensate for the past wasted year, when really he's just raising his own expectations, preventing him even more from making the first step.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Zooming out and looking at yourself in the 3rd person is actually eye opening.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: 16:38 i flinched like an abused child when 67 came up... I'm getting off this damn app
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The most important step to actually “locking in” is to never announce it or say it to another person. You receive a dopamine hit from saying it similar to if you actually did it. Show people with your actions, not your words.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Jokes on you, I downloaded this video and im watching without an internet connection
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I’ve actually locked in though. In 2022 I was in jail, in 2023 i was homeless, in 2024 i was depressed. The end of 2024 to now, i really started changing. lost 20 pounds, made more money, no longer addicted to drugs. yes there are some things i can fix, but im doing way better. locking in changes your life, you just have to break the pattern before it repeats the next day.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Started this video, then locked in and went to bed before finishing it
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Man you know what, I’m gonna lock in now because you said so. I’m not gonna actually listen to anything you said and find a purpose for locking in, I’m just gonna put my all into 2 weeks and then give up. Thanks for the help!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I used to be one of yall. The key isn’t locking in, it’s taking things day by day. Every day, do something small to improve yourself or to make you proud of yourself. Locking in immediately doesn’t work, but if you’re willing to commit yourself to go a little higher every day, and take things slow and day by day, that’s the road that leads where you want to go.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The beautiful thing about hitting rock bottom. Is you have 2 choices. Crumble or grow. It forces you to completely change. And most people never change, because their lives are just good and comfotrable enough to outweigh their pain.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: it got to me when he said “u can’t put life in 2x speed” 13:35  and made me realise i was tapping the vid to make it go faster cs my attention span is genuinely that cooked
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The reality of it is people like the idea of it, but never actually doing it.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: the thing is, as 'locked in' as you are, after a long day in work it's difficult to have the mental energy to dedicate to a personal goal that requires effort, we often fall back into low effort relaxing activities, essentially using our own free time to simply recharge for the next working day
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: There are 2 types of pains in life. Pain Of Discipline & Pain Of Regret. Make your move…
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: "If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breath, then youll be successful"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Giving up locking in and living day to day has given me opportunities that "locking in" promises
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: 22:10 "if you focussed a full year, that means 6 of those months are going to be below average" that means im acctually locked in letsgoooo
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Your brain enters different states. You cant wait for one state to get things done. You need to make the habit of doing something when you dont want to be doing it.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: See I’ll attempt to lock in on that but for some reason the only time I lock in is when I’m doing something absolutely stupid.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: U actually need motivation to help u lock in, actual emotional one
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @KayKay-ob6tz you dint need motivation you need discipline
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Fr lmao, past generations woke up having to figure out what mattered to their local people  Nowadays people wake up and focus on what social media will validate them for   very big difference
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: People have become so obsessed with taking in advice and what others want that they stop just trying to go through to motions and process how they want to do things from their own experiences and preferences. Humans learn best from doing, there is so much information at our disposal but it’s too much.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: You're so right bro can't be influenced by others
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @tarun_san  I mean, there's a difference between accepting influence (and important interpersonal skill for building healthy relationships and growing as a person) and being misguided by "influencers" and social trends.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @tarun_san You can still take inspiration from others but yeah it has to come from you wanting to be what you deem "better" for sure.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Just because other people said it should matter to you doesnt mean that somehow it shouldnt matter either, because "other people said it", Not everybody is born or raised with omniscience, You learn things from others, the question if you can objectively examine those things and assess the worth and value of those advices/observations, instead of accepting or rejecting them because "other people said should matter to you.", Even then most people arent competent enought to do that, in which case its best to follow what "other people say should matter to you".
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Should've been pinned 2 months ago lol
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Do yourself a favor and don't just say stuff to say stuff and try to add value with your mindless thoughts
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: You don't need to tell Gen Zers that. One of the defining attributes of Gen Zers compared to Millenials (I say as a gen Xer who has worked with many of both) is that Gen Zers are straight up unconcerned with doing what they "ought" to be doing. They have a very "if it works for me, it works for me" attitude.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Okay next time I’m locked in on practicing violin I’ll also consider how to fund my son’s college degree.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: hey, I just wanted to tell you that Jesus loves you so much more than you can ever imagine
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @Jesus_LovesYou13 I'm trans and gay
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Jesus_LovesYou13 did he tell you or sum😂
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @Jesus_LovesYou13 Thanks but not everyone is religious dude you gotta stop bringing that out of pocket, the reason Christians are bullied online and a laughing stock of a religion is because you guys just randomly say that 😂 that's like saying "Your neighbour that you've never talked to or seen before loves you." Nobody would care lol it's weird. If I wanted to talk about religion, I'd go to a church 😂 in short, keep it to yourself and at home/church. Nobody got time for B's
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Dude was locked in making the comment
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ​ @Princecheese17  dude was locked in making the reply
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Like how you keep locking yourself in your room.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: There is only one God who created the heavens and the earth. God made us in His image. God made us to worship Him, but we chose to rebel against Him. As a result, we were separated from God, but God did not abandon us. Instead, God sent His only begotten Son, Jesus. Jesus was born of a virgin and, like us, He lived a sinless life, despite all temptations. Jesus took up His cross and willingly bore our past, present, and future sins. Jesus died in our place for our sins, paid our debt to God, and purchased our salvation. Jesus died, but rose again the third day, having triumphed over Satan, sin, demons, and hell. But now we are called to repent and turn from our sins and to live for Christ and His glory. He set us free from sin not to sin so we can experience the true peace He calls us to have in Him. In this world there will be suffering but with Christ we can have peace and hope throughout it all because He has overcome the world. We have a God who lovingly pursues us.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @FreshO_1 the system brainwash u
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @FreshO_1  jesus wasnt god he indeed was a prophet hope you understand that sooner
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: idk it actually distracts me af so i just put phone aside and just listen to the dude, and works way better to me
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: ⁠ @dinosaursclaysergeys1689 no literally i did the same thing
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: On a scale of 1 to tiktok, videos should now be measured in images per second.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Small steps will take you to heavy but you have to start small! You can't change decades of wiring habits over a night with passion. Small steps. Not big leaps. Small steps become big leaps when lookin back
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: As long as you don't over analyze your every action
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I feel like there's a pun here?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @MohamIsMe no pun you can do it
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The book of Ecclesiastes has entered the chat…
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I did this while on shrooms and it changed my life so damn much weeks after it's effect, I have pushed and worked my ass off all mylife to have a good life only to see... I already have a fantastic life. I don't need to be a millionaire giga chad, I have a successful job, have a house, have a wife, great community, beauty all around me. I been locked in and have the things that truly matter that makes me feel rich.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I am so disappointed with myself
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: No idea wht that means. But if you can just look at yourself and your own actions and take a small amount of accountability, youll be a much better person to be around and for yourself
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: for a quick second my brain took this literally as if i could do it
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I was thinking this video was getting out of date… then AI art and language models arrived and I am more concerned about this topic than ever: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pr3thuB10U :_Bot:
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The YouTube algorithm recommending this to me at least twice a year feels a bit like mockery
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: "you might think technology can't replace your job" I'd be pretty horrified if technology started replacing unemployed peoples jobs.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'd really like an updated version of this video.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: New goal: Make it to retirement without being replaced
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This wouldn't be scary if we lived in a world where being unemployed didn't mean loss of livelihood
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: It’s definitely time for a part 2..
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Guy: Kills person in front of Baxter Baxter: "Interesting"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Those darn automation engineers, taking over everyone's jobs. At least I'm safe looks at degree in robotics ... looks at robots that teach themselves Oh, I managed to steal my own job, darn.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: “Let’s call self driving cars what they really are: Autos”  Germans; I’m 5 parallel universes ahead of you
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This was 8 years ago, now with the sudden rise of AI music, AI art, AI video, ChatGPT, and so on... that's crazy...
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Interestingly, my job primarily consists of writing code to do my job for me. I’m quite literally writing a replacement me to take over my job and make me redundant
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: So you think a bot can take my job? The joke's on you, I don't have a job!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The ultimate goal of humanity is to work as hard as it humanly can so that one day it can be as lazy as any human can be. -the engineer
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Worth noting that baxter was discontinued in 2018 due to underwhelming sales, for anyone who has stumbled onto this
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I can imagine going to a grocery store and it would be advertised as "Made by humans" in a few years
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Comedian: "ahah but they can't replace me" Robot:"weed eater" Comedian:"oh no"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: "The human brain is the most complicated machine, perhaps in the whole universe."  - Human Brain
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Please make a part two / update video!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I'll never forget watching this video 8 years ago. Now working in IT security.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Logical conclusion: we need an updated video
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @cancat1386  In a couple years he'll just have his bot make an update video 😆😆
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I would love to see a new video on this topic!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Maybe that is what happened to other sentiment life in the universe. They made machines that made themselves Obsolete. Due to an inability to adjust their civilization collapsed. And the machines, whave just been whirring away with no purpose or motivation to respond to the our calls
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Can we have a 2.0 version of this video? Now with Midjourney and ChatGPT we truly need one. :)
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The problem that most seems to be missing is taxes. Bots do not pay income tax. Plus before the population dwindles to it's inevitable point before massive war who is going to be buying things if most people are unemployed?  So there needs to be some sort of human replacement value assigned to each iteration of bot or AI "instance". Then income tax can be accurately collected to pay for the infrastructure that's the bots and AI "instances" require or I guess even enjoy.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Was thinking about this video and AI art.  What is your opinion on creative jobs being replaced before other fields? I don't think anyone ever predicted this
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Just the day I finally watch this video I kept getting recommended you comment on it, nice
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: My question is how do solve the mass problem when humans become unemployable?
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: @Vomindoraan  then, we'll no need employes........
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Was just thinking maybe it's time for an update or revisit.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: thought about this video while talking with chatGPT and I think the video is still on point.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: i saw an app for an AI therapist
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: came back to this video after the gpt chat bot by openAI was released and seeing it write code for me makes software engineers look shaky on that list of hard to automate jobs...
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Its even more true as each day more, and new ChatGPT advancement seemingly comes at lightning pace.   I come back to this video basically every year and get more and more depressed about the lack of planning for our AI and robot augmented future, while still hoping we see a utopia rather than the alternative in the long run.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Oh boy, just watched this today. Interested but deeply disturbed.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: aging like a fine wine this video is and will continue to =]
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: this video aged a little too well…..
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: And now ChatGPT comes out making this seem even more prescient
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I work on bringing the GPT and Dall-e models to the world for a living. Also the code generation models. Damn I'm screwing my own children's future!  On a more positive note, I hope we humans will figure out a way to reap the benefits of increased productivity without letting robots take over. Else we're just setting ourselves up for Matrix or extinction.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Could do with an update if you could please, there's an awful lot of progress happening at heterogeneous rates in allied fields and a summary & quick reminder that we should probably get a move on if we want to safeguard human worth/ primacy/ rights would be deeply appreciated. Thanks!
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I was thinking about that lately, it's horrific.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I watched it 8 years ago and it’s still amazingly relevant.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: The video was correct, it was perhaps just a bit generous on the speed of things as Moore's Law has increasingly failed. What you expected to take 4 or 5 years took 8 or 9.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I would love to see a 2023 version of this video! "Humans (Still) Need Not Apply"
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I think you should redo it but focus less on automated cars and more on the abstract thinking that computers are best at. Humans are not going to be the poet or artist, the machines will, they are going to be unskilled manual labor. The physical realm is where robots do the worst, cars and general purpose robots are not where this starts it is middle and high skill work where bots replace people.  I think also discuss how it feels like innovation will continue on one particular realm endlessly but there are physical limits. Rockets will improve linearly for a time then reach some cap of our current understanding then stagnate. This is what happened with self driving cars, they were improving so fast we felt the improvement would continue forever, then it hit a cap both in hardware and software. Driving turned out to be such a more complicated problem than we initially thought.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: What's that? Can someone explain
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Just came back to this video thinking the same thing
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This topic would make for a great sequel video!  Although I'd be content with any video from you at this point.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Just wanted to mention that this video, along with some other things you've released, altered the trajectory of my life quite substantially. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Definitely needs an update, so much of it has come true already.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: It's here now Grey.... in a year from now an AI will be able to replicate (probably better then you)  A CGPGrey video in a matter of minutes about prettymuch any topic....
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: It's here now Grey.... in a year from now an AI will be able to replicate (probably better then you)  A CGPGrey video in a matter of minutes about prettymuch any topic....
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: I will say that one part of the video that has aged awkwardly is the part about doctorbots sharing their research and finding correlations from huge datasets.  But...  most correlations are spurious noise.  However bad out current medical research industry is with various scandals involving retracted papers, I'd have to assume fully automated research would be 10 times worse, even with medical privacy laws permitting.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: You are insansely brilliant, created 8 years ago and now more relevant than ever.
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This video continues to age like wine
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: This was made 8 years ago and there is already a massive leap in robots. I am feeling cautious
FUENTE: YOUTUBE_VIDEO | COMENTARIO: Well, didnt expect a comment 11 hours ago.
